<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <title>The Futile Facade</title>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 4</h2>
    <div class="storytext">
        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Late July brought with it a storm of letters, blown in from various corners of the world. A weathered envelope encased in sterilizing spells, a wrinkled roll of fire-proof parchment sprinkled liberally with stray splotches of ink, a pristinely embossed scroll on sumptuous official letterhead, and one endearingly impatient scrawl on embarrassingly expensive personal stationery. Their formats were diverse and their tidings varied, but all found her unerringly in the midst of her experimental research. Looking back over the days she spent cloistered in her lab, those letters seemed the only notes of disunity against a melody of simmering cauldrons and fevered dreams.</p>
<p><em>Harry,</em></p>
<p><em>I'm so sorry, but it looks like I won't be back for our birthdays after all. I can't give you all the details. They don't want to cause an international panic, and you know how sensitive people can be about pandemics. Oh, I guess that wasn't too reassuring, was it? Don't worry; I'll be home before you know it. They think just a few more weeks until the quarantine will be lifted. I don't have much time to write, since they need all the hands they can get here, so I'll just say I miss you and I hope you're spending time with my dad. He sounds a bit lonely in his letters. Hermione, on the other hand, sounds extremely pleased with herself in the letters you've forwarded to me. Something about volunteering at a clinic for the underprivileged? Just what have you drawn her into, Harry? </em></p>
<p><em>I'm glad to hear you made a good showing in the tournament. Please tell me Hermione doesn't know about your participation in the fights. I really don't have the wherewithal to learn freedueling in my free time. </em></p>
<p><em>Anyway, I really must dash.</em></p>
<p><em>Best,</em></p>
<p><em>Archie</em></p>
<p>She felt a slight pang at the thought of spending her birthday without Archie. They'd never had separate birthday parties, as far as she knew. It was good for Archie to have something of his own, though. She couldn't begrudge him his American adventure. Her reply was understanding and cheerfully encouraging. She promised to keep Sirius entertained and apologized for complicating his relationship with Hermione. She also mentally adjusted the timeline for finishing his birthday present—she'd have to factor in the time it took for international owl mail, apparently.</p>
<p><em>Miss Potter,</em></p>
<p><em>I have made recent progress on developing the amplification base you requested. Rather than the single, all-encompassing augmentation that I set out to create, however, the results of my experimental process have delinearized our task somewhat. Instead of a general enhancement, I am now working to design a variable base. I realize the original intention was that the imbued magic itself would be the variable, but I now believe our purposes would be better served if at least one major ingredient in the base was matched with the intended effect of the magic imbued in it. It is in this way, via the pairing of key ingredient with magical intention, that the effects of the entire concoction will be magnified exponentially. </em></p>
<p><em>Thus, the recipe for my proposed variable base is enclosed. Where it calls for the 'signifying ingredient,' one may substitute what one likes. The recipe is built around the optimization of that ingredient, whatever it may be. I have thus far used basilisk scales to great effect in augmenting certain protection spells. Before you begin a well-meaning but misguided protest to the effect that potions reliant on basilisk scales are largely irrelevant to posterity due to the scarcity and dearness of said ingredient, consider what such a potion might be worth to those rich enough to both afford the brew and to be in possession of such valuables as would be worth spending a small mountain of gold to protect. The money to be made on a handful of such potions alone would go far toward funding more meaningful research down the road. But I digress. </em></p>
<p><em>Kindly reply with your thoughts on the variable base, including suggestions for further avenues of experimentation regarding key ingredients and their shaped imbuing pairings. As you've no doubt surmised, by developing a system of shaped imbuing rather than offering an open-ended concept, the idea becomes considerably more enticing as an area worthy of study in the potions community, particularly to that breed of mentally commercialized toddlers currently masquerading as the Guild's public relations team. </em></p>
<p><em>Regards,</em></p>
<p><em>Master Severus Snape</em></p>
<p>Snape's letter brought with it all sorts of new ideas. They picked at her brain, lulling her away from reality while she sat amidst her family at dinner and jerking her out of deepest sleep to shout insistently until she transcribed them into immortality with blind scribbles in the dark.</p>
<p>The idea of a plug-and-play method of a customizable imbuing base intrigued her. It was simple, yet brilliant: the sort of idea that marketed easily—like a doll with a hundred different accessories that you could mix and match. As long as you had the base, you could evolve it to your liking, to suit whatever purpose you had in mind that day. That is, if you knew how to shaped imbue. This system would be the key to making the concept attractive, she knew. Snape had certainly come through on what he set out to do for the burgeoning field. It made her all the more determined to make her own mark on it, as well.</p>
<p><em>Dear Miss Potter,</em></p>
<p><em>Our warmest regards! This letter certifies the completion of your third-year coursework for the Sphinx Correspondence School of Magic. You have passed into the fourth year curriculum for the following subjects:</em></p>
<p><em>Defense Against the Dark Forces</em></p>
<p><em>Herbology</em></p>
<p><em>Household Spells and Charms</em></p>
<p><em>Transfiguration</em></p>
<p><em>Potions</em></p>
<p><em>The administrators were once again impressed with the thoughtful quality of your responses to the essay topics. In addition, your practical casting test was one of the few that received full marks. We would like to urge you to reconsider your decision to take only core courses. It is our belief that a mind as keen as yours, Miss Potter, would benefit greatly from the stimulation of more challenging elective courses. We offer a summer tutorial for those wishing to test into fourth year electives. Please consider carefully, as a good education is something that never stops paying dividends. </em></p>
<p><em>Sphinx Correspondence School of Magic thanks you for your continued dedication to the pursuit of knowledge. </em></p>
<p><em>Most faithfully,</em></p>
<p><em>Headmaster Earnest Callaway </em></p>
<p><em>Sphinx Correspondence School of Magic</em></p>
<p>She was more than embarrassed at the correspondence school's frequent entreaties that she not let her intellect go to waste. She suspected part of it was simply that they wanted her to pay the extra tuition fees for elective courses, but she admitted they probably had few academics of her caliber in their scattered student body. It wasn't anything to brag about—she'd simply already learned everything they were 'teaching' her. In truth, she rarely even looked at the materials they sent her each month. Compared to the combined curriculum of Hogwarts and AIM, the expectations of the owl-correspondence school were something of a joke. She had to feel a bit guilty; she wasn't really self-taught, as the other students in the program were. She had a ridiculous advantage and it was no wonder it showed in her work.</p>
<p>She wouldn't be swayed by the idea of elective courses, however. She only wanted to pass the bare minimum of classes so that she could legally still carry a wand even if the whole ruse went to pieces. She'd be carrying the wand all the way to Azkaban, more likely than not, but the principle stood.</p>
<p>As for the quality of her practical work, well, it wasn't exactly a rigorous grading curve. The curious little orb she had to cast into for her practical exams either recognized the spell as the one called for next in the sequence or it didn't. There were no partial marks as far as Harry could tell. As long as the spell met some arbitrary threshold of 'recognizablility' it was considered correct. She supposed that would be a downside for inexperienced castors. A serious enough mistake and no credit was given at all, whereas in a real classroom setting the professor would be allowed to recognize the things a student did right while deciding their final grade.</p>
<p>And the potion they'd asked for? Please. They were clever to choose one that was non-transferrable after it cooled, so one couldn't simply buy the potion and pour it into the school's vial. Because of that restriction, however, the difficulty of the potion itself was closer to a second-year's level than a third-year's. At Harry's level, it was almost embarrassing to be brewing a Swelling Solution. She had much more important potions to be attending to, in any case. The letter was stuffed into a drawer somewhere in her lab, forgotten amidst the myriad scraps and spare bits of parchments whose discarded ideas died slow, dusty deaths in obscurity.</p>
<p>The last of July's letters came convolutedly. It went all the way to the Darian Gap and back before ever being opened. Archie opted to pass along all of Rigel's correspondence without reading it, correctly assuming that anything he needed to know she would convey to him in ways that made more sense than her blond friend's semi-coded chatter.</p>
<p><em>Rigel,</em></p>
<p><em>When are you coming back to civilization? Mother says too much tropical weather can have ill effects on the constitution. Are you wearing sun protection? What are they feeding you there? Pansy keeps writing to ask me if you're eating enough. I told her to ask you herself, but she doesn't want to bother you or something. So pretend I asked with appropriate subtlety and please write to Pansy if you need her to send biscuits. </em></p>
<p><em>You will be back for the World Cup, won't you? Father has tickets in the Top Box. He said he heard from a colleague that your father has tickets as well—that means you'll be there, right? You better be. You already missed my birthday party, which I have magnanimously forgiven you for, and made me look quite a fool showing up to your father's birthday party only to realize that you were nowhere to be found. Did I tell you I tricked your cousin into doling out serious blackmail on you? Get it? Black-mail. I didn't even notice that until I wrote it down, but it's quite clever isn't it? </em></p>
<p><em>I'm rambling again. Mother hates it when I deviate from my point in letters. She wishes to remind you that you must accept an invitation to tea the very moment you step foot inside the country. Don't forget or she will presume that I forgot to remind you. </em></p>
<p><em>Tell me when you're coming home! </em></p>
<p><em>-Draco</em></p>
<p>Her friend's letter would go into the drawer of her bedside table, under lock and key with all other such important and/or incriminating correspondence. She had to chuckle at his sheer cheek—tricked her indeed! She would have to make sure Archie wrote him as soon as he knew when he was coming back to England, though. Her pureblood friend sounded positively stir-crazy. She supposed two months was about as long as Draco preferred to go without seeing his friends. Some pang of foreboding filled her chest at that thought. There would eventually come a day when Draco never saw Rigel again. Was she prepared for the fallout that would come from that storm? Probably not, she admitted, but there was nothing for it now. She turned her attention back to her cauldron. Some things could still benefit from her present attention.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Her birthday party was held at Potter Place, on the thirty-first of July, since their usual practice of straddling the dates between Archie's birthday and hers would be pointless without Archie there to celebrate with them. It was an unavoidably lively affair, and normally the overkill on festivities didn't bother her but, with her cousin's absence, the entirety of her family's exuberance landed squarely on her own shoulders.</p>
<p>"I don't think I can eat all this," she said, looking down with bemusement at the mountain of cake on her plate. It looked as if Sirius had cut her a slice and then decided it wasn't enough and dumped another piece on top of it, then stuck fourteen candles haphazardly on top.</p>
<p>"You won't know until you try," Sirius said cheerfully, looking pleased as anything with his pink oven-mitts propped on lean hips.</p>
<p>That was true she supposed, and yet… "Usually Archie takes my cake." She sighed.</p>
<p>"Ah-choo!" Addy piped up from her highchair. She had already turned her cake into a frosting smear.</p>
<p>"That's right, Addy," James said proudly, patting his toddler on the head gently.</p>
<p>"I think she sneezed," Remus said.</p>
<p>"Nonsense," James said. "She's a genius."</p>
<p>"Even if she is, there's nothing for you to be bragging about." Sirius guffawed. "Gets it from Lily, doesn't she?"</p>
<p>"She could get it from me," James protested.</p>
<p>"That's right," Remus said, mockingly serious. "Why, I heard James sneeze yesterday and it sounded just like—oi!"</p>
<p>"We can't be throwing food already," Lily moaned. "Harry hasn't even blown out her candles yet!"</p>
<p>It was true; the wax was beginning to drip, in fact. She couldn't think of a good wish, though.</p>
<p>"It's kind of funny how far your standards have fallen, Lils," James said, his grin a bit smug. "When we first married, you yelled every time we threw food at one another, and now you only want us to wait until it's not a fire hazard."</p>
<p>"Keep talking, Potter," Lily muttered darkly.</p>
<p>Deciding to eliminate the point of contest, Harry hurriedly sent off a request for new brewing gloves to the birthday gods and snuffed the candles with a sharp exhale. Addy clapped enthusiastically, garnering the attention of the adults.</p>
<p>"Presents!" Sirius declared, leaping into action to collect a handful of packages from the other room.</p>
<p>"She hasn't eaten the cake yet," Lily reminded him, following Sirius out of the kitchen in protest.</p>
<p>Harry slid half her cake onto Addy's highchair with a small smile. The little redheaded toddler seemed to be having more fun mashing the cake into a moldable medium than she predicted she'd have eating it.</p>
<p>"I'm not sure that's… ah, never mind," James said, watching Addy swipe her hand into the cake like a queen rejecting a suitor. The cake fell to the floor just as Lily came back in, somehow having been talked into carrying half the presents.</p>
<p>"Oh, <em>honestly</em>. You do know that parenting is not a spectator sport, Darling?" Lily said, stepping pointedly around the cake to set the colorful packages down in front of Harry. Sirius was a beat behind her, piling his on top in a precarious stack that invited her to start unwrapping before it toppled into her lap.</p>
<p>Harry smiled her thanks and began picking presents from around the edges. There was an assortment of sweets that pretty much came standard on any occasion with her family. Then came the personal gifts. From her mother, a pair of delicate hairclips—"for when you feel like growing your hair out." Sirius got her a book on animagi, to the tune of Remus' soft groan of despair. Her father's gift was surprisingly endearing: a set of potion bottles with custom labels. She peered at the label on one and had to smile widely when she took in the depiction of a little fawn peering unafraid at a growling mountain lion through a shimmering blue shield. The words 'Potter's Protection Potion' hung above the picture against a starry sky, and on the back was a short description of the potion's use.</p>
<p>"I'm drawing up ones for the cancelling potion, but they aren't finished yet," James said, a little unsurely.</p>
<p>She stood to give him a hug—not a brief perfunctory squeeze but a real embrace, complete with slow, deep breaths and awkward smile as she pulled away. "I love them. I'm going to use a Duplication Charm and bottle all my Protection Potions in them from now on."</p>
<p>"Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Magic," Lily said halfheartedly.</p>
<p>"By which I mean I'll be asking a responsible adult to duplicate them for me," Harry said smoothly.</p>
<p>"Good luck finding one around here." Sirius laughed.</p>
<p>"I think I qualify," Remus said, looking offended.</p>
<p>"You got her dueling gauntlets," Sirius countered. "That's the opposite of responsible."</p>
<p>"She hasn't opened that one yet," Lily said, dropping her head into her hands in exasperation. "I am so sorry, Harry."</p>
<p>"I honestly couldn't imagine a birthday any different," she said, laughing at her uncles' sheepish expressions.</p>
<p>"Forget unwrapping Remus' then," James said, reaching into his robe pocket. "We actually have another gift for you—this one's a joint gift, from Sirius and me." He pulled out what looked like a regular hand mirror—the kind a noble lady might use to peer at her reflection, in fact. Its rounded edges were adorned with silver roses and on the back a stylized 'P' dominated the engravings.</p>
<p>"It's lovely," she said. She had to wonder how her father had hit the mark so spectacularly on his first gift and fallen so far from the target on his second. What was she to do with a mirror, even a portable one?</p>
<p>James must have read her thoughts, for he laughed at her. "It's a communication mirror, Harry. One part of a two-way link. With it, you can talk to the other mirror any time, day or night, no matter the distance between them."</p>
<p>She reappraised the delicate item. "Who has the other one?" she asked, a grin playing on her face. If it was as she suspected, her life just became a great deal simpler.</p>
<p>"Archie, of course," Sirius said, bouncing slightly in his seat out of excitement. "I mailed it to him last week. We—your father and I—had a pair in school, and we mostly used it for making jokes when we had separate detentions. With you and Archie spending so much time apart, though, we thought… you ought to have your own pair. We know how close you two are, and sometimes letters just aren't enough."</p>
<p>He looked a little downhearted at the last, and Harry was abruptly touched that Sirius would think to make a mirror link to Archie for her, rather than keep it for himself. She knew how much he missed his son when he was away. Her less than stellar pen pal habits at Hogwarts didn't help close the distance any. "I'll cherish it," she said honestly. They couldn't possible know how useful such a thing was going to be. They'd have to switch mirrors, of course, as she didn't doubt Archie's would have a 'B' embossed on the back and be significantly less feminine to boot.</p>
<p>"Try it out," James encouraged.</p>
<p>Harry hesitated. If the mirror worked as she imagined, it would show Archie's face in its surface once her cousin answered. If her calculations were correct, his Modified Polyjuice would have completely faded by now. Their family seeing his true face now, just weeks before he returned home, would put a dent in their plans. He was supposed to ostensibly have unconsciously altered his appearance to match hers over the last couple of months, after all.</p>
<p>In the end, there was nothing for it. She'd have to trust that Archie could handle the surprise. She supposed he ought to be expecting her call in any case, if he'd received any explanation at all with his mirror.</p>
<p>She brought the glass close to her face and called tentatively into it. "Archie? It's Harry. Are you there?"</p>
<p>There was a long pause, but then a picture blurred into view. Her cousin grinned at her through the hand mirror, even waving a bit to show that the picture was live. She was too shocked by his appearance to return his friendly smile at first; she'd expected him to look different, but somehow she hadn't expected him to look older. Bright grey eyes peered out of an angular face that was unhesitatingly male. He'd cut his hair close to his scalp, probably in deference to the heat, and it brought the masculine promise of his features into stark relief. He winked at her and she silently despaired. <em>He's going to be as handsome as Sirius. There will be no living with him after that. </em></p>
<p>In the instant she spent reflecting on his features, they twisted and smoothed until it was as though she looked into a mirror—rather, an unspelled mirror. Amused, she said, "I don't think the mirrors work, Dad. It's just me in there."</p>
<p>"Oi!" Archie called through the glass. "Dad, she's saying I look like a girl again!"</p>
<p>The others all left their seats to crowd over Harry's shoulder. Sirius sighed gustily as he got a look at his son's morphed features. "Well, you look like a girl again."</p>
<p>Archie mimed dissolving into tears.</p>
<p>"He even cries like a girl," Harry commented.</p>
<p>"I thought I was tuning into my birthday party, not some kind of intervention," Archie grumbled.</p>
<p>"Archie," James said soberly, "we've all been very worried about you. This craving for the feminine mystique is taking you down a bad road."</p>
<p>"We don't even recognize you anymore," Remus added solemnly.</p>
<p>"As your friends," Lily said through a smile, "we feel that it's our responsibility to tell you that things have reached a certain point. From now on, we can't support your unhealthy obsession without feeling as though we're enabling your self-destruction."</p>
<p>"I think you mean self-reconstruction." Harry snorted.</p>
<p>"All right, all right," Sirius said, a pained grimace on his face. "You know he can't help it."</p>
<p>"Don't worry, Uncle Sirius," Harry said, a cruel smile on her lips. "One day, years from now, Archie will let go of his childish obsession with me and fall in love with some other young lady. Then he'll start to look like <em>her</em>."</p>
<p>They all had to laugh at that. Poor Archie bore up under it well, but then, she knew he would. It was why she'd made light of his appearance in the first place: to deflect attention from the awkwardness and strangeness of the phenomenon to the humor in it. She knew Archie understood. It was just impossible for them to have different appearances. They needed to be able to switch places at a moment's notice. Something could go wrong without warning. Any unexpected occurrence could give them away if they looked significantly different: a photo unknowingly taken and put in a school yearbook, an accident that required their parents to come to one of their schools shortly after term began, or even a family emergency that called them suddenly home.</p>
<p>Archie could change his appearance at will, of course, but Harry couldn't. Maybe it was a weakness in their current ruse, but it was the way things were unless they came up with something that was more flexible than the Modified Polyjuice without sacrificing the ease of maintenance that the long-term potion afforded them. At least with the potion, Rigel didn't have to worry about losing concentration due to injury or infirmary and letting her disguise dissipate unconsciously. She worried all too often if allowing Archie the flexibility of using his metamorphism was worth the added risk.</p>
<p>"<em>Anyway</em>," Archie said, clearing his throat loudly once they'd had their laugh. "What's been going on at home? Have I missed anything important?"</p>
<p>"You mean besides Sirius renting out your room to a troupe of circus performers?" Harry pretended to think about it.</p>
<p>"A whole troupe?" Archie clarified. He looked appropriately skeptical as to the logistics of such an idea.</p>
<p>"Well, technically it's a flea circus," Sirius put in, scratching his head idly.</p>
<p>Archie's expression shifted from confused to deadpan in an instant. "You're telling me my bedroom has fleas." When there was an awkward pause in which no one confirmed nor denied the statement, Archie sighed sharply into the glass, fogging it momentarily. "Put Addy on the mirror. The rest of you can go jump off a bridge."</p>
<p>Harry smiled winningly. "I missed you, Arch. Without you around, they make fun of <em>me</em>. Can you imagine?"</p>
<p>"Somehow, I'll find a way to visualize it." Archie huffed. "Really, though, what have I missed?"</p>
<p>"Addy can say your name now," Harry said, turning the mirror to face her little sister's highchair. "Say 'Archie,' Addy."</p>
<p>"Ah-choo," Addy gurgled obediently.</p>
<p>"Did she just sneeze?" Archie's nose was wrinkled when she turned him to face her again.</p>
<p>"The jury is still out," Harry said. "Enough about us, though. What have you been up to? Why aren't you home yet?"</p>
<p>Archie grimaced. "The sickness is more virulent than we thought. We're fixing it where we can, but it spreads faster than we can cure it. The Quarantine has been expanded across several villages now. We hope it'll be enough, but we'll be playing catch up for another couple of weeks at least."</p>
<p>Sirius poked his head into the frame to pout at his son. "But then you'll miss the Cup match, Arch!"</p>
<p>"Sorry, Dad," Archie said. It was obvious how genuinely dismayed he was to be missing the World Cup game. Sirius and James had scored the tickets months ago, planning to take Harry and Archie and camp out afterwards. "Uncle Remus can have my ticket, okay?"</p>
<p>Sirius swiveled his head to look at Remus with a small grin. "What do you say, Moony? Up for a re-creation of grad night?"</p>
<p>"Maybe Lily would rather go," Remus demurred. He was always one to let others have fun first.</p>
<p>"Hmm," Lily pretended to consider it. "Stay home and babysit a one-year-old or go out and babysit two of them? How's a girl to choose?" She laughed at James' put out expression. "Don't bother denying it, Dear."</p>
<p>"Wasn't going to, Doe." James shrugged, pulling his wife into an embrace. "I fully intend to have the time of my life, then come home and put that memory to shame in the loving arms of my wife."</p>
<p>Lily started to murmur something back but Archie coughed awkwardly through the mirror to break up the embarrassing scene. "So, anyway, I should be home just after mid-August, if my mentor's predictions are correct."</p>
<p>"We'll meet you at the international Floo point," Sirius promised. He gazed warmly at his son through the glass. "I'm very proud of you, Archie. It's a good thing you're doing."</p>
<p>"Thanks, Dad." Archie beamed.</p>
<p>"What are you doing today?" Sirius prompted after a moment. "Have you opened your gifts yet?"</p>
<p>"I didn't want to open them alone," Archie admitted, tilting the mirror so they could see a stack of small packages on the floor beside him. "Shall I?"</p>
<p>To a chorus of approval, he set his mirror at a distance that allowed a broader view of the room he was in. More of a tent than a room, actually, she corrected herself as her eyes took in the details. There was a small pallet pushed to one side and several bowls of water that she supposed were for washing in or drinking from. Pinned to the fabric of the wall directly behind Archie was a map with bright red pins splattered like freckles across the landscape it depicted. Several stacks of books littered the corners of the tent, making her think the only surface in his quarters was the little round table whose edge came into the bottom edge of the mirror's view.</p>
<p>"First one is from Harry! Ah, sorry I didn't get you anything, cuz," he said, laughing sheepishly.</p>
<p>"You've been busy," Harry said, shrugging. "Just don't die and we'll call it even."</p>
<p>"Deal!" Archie happily ripped away the paper to reveal a box of homemade chocolates. "Suspiciously wholesome," he commented, squinting at them. He found the tag and read it. "Fizzling Fourberies. Well, that's a perfectly innocent identifier. Am I meant to eat these or torture others with them?"</p>
<p>"What's a fourberie?" Sirius stage whispered to Remus.</p>
<p>"It's French." Remus sighed.</p>
<p>"Fancy," Sirius said, nodding with an impressed moue to his lips.</p>
<p>"You can eat one if you want," Harry said, smiling slyly.</p>
<p>"Did you make them yourself?" her cousin asked warily.</p>
<p>"Dad helped," she said, blinking innocently.</p>
<p>"Definitely not eating it, then." Archie laughed. "What's it do?"</p>
<p>"It fizzles," Harry said seriously.</p>
<p>"Like a fizzing whizbee?" Archie guessed.</p>
<p>"Well, they don't make you levitate," Harry hedged.</p>
<p>"But they <em>do</em> fizzle," James added helpfully, having a hard time suppressing his grin. He'd had a grand time helping her test out the coating she'd cooked up to paint over the chocolates. It fizzled upon contact with saliva, filling the mouth with a crackling sensation not unlike a mild electric field. Unlike most sweets, whose effects faded after swallowing as the stomach acid broke down the physical components to the enchantments, however, the fizzling fourberies <em>kept</em> fizzling. All the way through the stomach and into the intestines. James swore the one he ate was still fizzling when it hit the toilet on the other end, but she'd decided to simply take his word for that instead of investigating further.</p>
<p>The feeling was like someone tickling you from the inside out and, because it was potion based, not even a Finite aimed at a person's guts could still the eerier sensation of your belly vibrating as though you'd swallowed a wind-up toy. She thought it was just the sort of mildly gross prank Archie would have a good laugh over.</p>
<p>"I'll save those for a day I'm feeling slightly masochistic, then," Archie said, shaking his head with amusement.</p>
<p>"Just don't give them to anyone with ulcers," Harry recommended. Archie promised to keep that in mind and moved on to the next present. Harry handed the mirror off to the others so they could see him open their gifts and simply soaked in the atmosphere of having all of her family sort-of-together once more.</p>
<p>Addy squealed a little and muttered nonsensical things in protest of being ignored for so long, so Harry pushed some more of her cake onto the girl's tray. Addy blew a few spit bubbles in an eloquent show of gratitude and Harry smiled. There was something to be said for people who were easily pleased.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>James stared at her. She stared back. They were sitting across the kitchen table, eating a light Saturday lunch of corned beef sandwiches. She was chewing slowly, methodically almost. The calm patience she radiated contrasted sharply with the disturbed disbelief that furrowed her father's eyebrows. A mouthful of corned beef hung half-chewed between gaping jaws. After a long moment he collected himself. Swallowed. Cleared his throat. Said, "You want to… invite a Lestrange… to our house?"</p>
<p>She nodded slowly.</p>
<p>"To Potter Place?" James clarified, as though she might have declared some other residence her homestead in the last five minutes.</p>
<p>"For potions brewing," she confirmed.</p>
<p>"Is this going to be a thing, now?" James demanded. "You—just bringing older men over to 'brew potions' in your lab all the time?"</p>
<p>"I don't think twice ever qualifies as 'all the time,'" she said reasonably.</p>
<p>"How do you even know a Lestrange? How old is he?" James sounded increasingly strident.</p>
<p>"No older than Leo," she said, pretending to count on her fingers.</p>
<p>"That is <em>not reassuring</em>, young lady," James hissed.</p>
<p>Harry had to laugh. Perhaps she was having too much fun with James' overprotective instincts. Was it petty? Yes, yes it was. But it was fun, too. "I interned with him at the Guild, remember? He's… " Well, she couldn't say <em>nice</em>. "Very interested in learning to shaped imbue."</p>
<p>"Why can't you ever bring that Hermione girl over to brew potions?" James complained, hanging his head forlornly. "She seems nice."</p>
<p>"You've never even met her," Harry said, rolling her eyes. "You only think she's nice because she's a girl. May I remind you that I'm a girl, too? Do you think I'm nice?"</p>
<p>James gave her an odd look. "Of course you're nice, Harry."</p>
<p>She sighed, thinking he'd quite missed the point. "Well, as long as you don't freak out when he comes through the Floo—"</p>
<p>"I thought you were asking my permission!" James exclaimed.</p>
<p>"Oh," she said, shifting awkwardly. "No. I was… just letting you know." A clear ping went off from the other room. She stood, brushing the crumbs from her mouth. "I expect that's him."</p>
<p>James spluttered. "He's coming over now?" She nodded, starting toward the Floo room. James followed, trailing protests and complaints. "He's a Lestrange, Harry, not some lost puppy you can bring home and house train—"</p>
<p>"<em>Dad</em>," she said sharply. They'd rounded the corner to see Caelum Lestrange brushing off his robes with a disgruntled scowl.</p>
<p>James pulled up awkwardly and looked torn between apologizing and saying something even worse. Lestrange waved him off, though. "Don't worry about it, Potter. My mother had the same reaction when I told her where I was going. Only she threw a vase at me," he added, plucking a piece of porcelain out of his hair idly. "Missed."</p>
<p>The fight went out of James almost at once. "Let your mother know if we'll need an extra place for dinner," he mumbled, retreating to the kitchen with only one last, sour look in Lestrange's direction.</p>
<p>Harry led Caelum to the basement stairs, saying over her shoulder, "Believe it or not, it's not personal. My dad hates all boys regardless of surname."</p>
<p>Lestrange sniffed. "As if I would lower myself to court the halfblood daughter of a—"</p>
<p>"Yes, yes, consider me insulted," Harry said, stalking into the lab and plopping down on a stool. She edged a spare stool toward her guest with a nudge of her foot. A small smile crept over her face as she said, in a cheesy salesman's voice, "So you want to learn to shaped imbue."</p>
<p>"You're going to make this as difficult as possible for me, aren't you?" Lestrange sneered, wiping the stool's seat with his handkerchief before deigning to sit.</p>
<p>"It's difficult enough on its own," Harry reassured him sweetly. Since Lestrange had first insisted on the lesson, she had thought a lot about how she should approach this. In the end, she decided to start with wandless magic in general and build from there. She pulled the copy of <em>A Treatise on the Wielding of Wandless Power</em> that she had sort of pilfered from the Come And Go Room at Hogwarts and passed it to her would-be pupil. "This is the book about wandless magic that made the most sense to me. You can read it at your leisure, but the main point the author gets at is the density required for successful wandless casting."</p>
<p>Lestrange fingered the worn cover fastidiously, his nose wrinkled slightly. "How old is this thing? Where did you find it, Borgin and Burke's?"</p>
<p>"You wouldn't find a gem like this in that bin of trash." Harry snorted. "Anyway, haven't you heard don't judge a book by its cover?"</p>
<p>"Only people who sell tatty books would say such a thing," he said. After a moment, his eyes narrowed. "And how would you know what sort of books they sell in Borgin and Burke's?"</p>
<p>"It's twenty feet into Knockturn Alley," Harry said dismissively. "Not exactly off the beaten path."</p>
<p>The older boy narrowed his eyes but let it go. "Returning to the point. You really couldn't find any modern books on the subject? How do I know this information is even good?"</p>
<p>She lowered her lids at him in annoyance. "Were you listening? I said this is the best book I've come across. I've read quite a few, and most go on about the importance of willpower without explaining what exactly the magic is doing differently when you cast without a wand."</p>
<p>Lestrange grimaced thoughtfully, deigning to open the cover at last and flip through the short table of contents. His eyes raced restlessly down the pages. After a snort, he commented, "This language is entirely antiquated. It's like reading a commentary on <em>Mordred's Book</em> that was written contemporary to its original circulation."</p>
<p>Harry thought that was a convoluted way of admitting he found the text impenetrable. "Don't worry; I can summarize it for you."</p>
<p>He shot her a dirty look. "Half of this is about learning to wandlessly channel magic. I already know how to do that—any halfwit with a decent Potions instructor can consciously imbue. Don't know how you managed it, considering that backwater hovel of a school you attend in the wilds of the Americas, but still."</p>
<p>She rolled her eyes. "You've never left the country, have you, Caelum?"</p>
<p>"I attended school in <em>Durmstrang</em>," he reminded her, scowling fiercely at the idea that she hadn't been paying attention to his backstory. "I just got back from an internship in Chile with Master Whitaker. Not to mention my family's businesses operate internationally and I've been paraded at grand openings and fundraising events for as long as I can remember. I bet I've been more places than you could ever <em>dream</em> of going."</p>
<p>That she couldn't actually argue with. "How funny that you should be the close-minded one, then. Isn't travel supposed to make a person more tolerant and empathetic toward the unfamiliar?"</p>
<p>"Only if the traveler is a moon-struck ninny like you." Lestrange sneered. "I bet you get all aflutter with romantic feelings when you read about foreign cultures and famous sites of interest in your dusty books. In the real world, strangers are not generous folksy locals just waiting to guide you through the most gilded parts of exotic new worlds. If they aren't cheating you or stealing from you, they're insulting you behind your back."</p>
<p>She affected a deeply sympathetic look of pity. "Oh, Lestrange, were you terribly disillusioned when you met your first stranger? Was it ever so shocking when the other kids at Durmstrang didn't fall down at your feet and beg for your attention?"</p>
<p>"Shut. Up." He growled at her and flipped pointedly to a chapter halfway through the book. She noticed the tips of his ears had turned slightly red and had to wonder just how close to the mark she'd got on that last barb. The pureblood had probably been spoon-fed lies about his own consequence from the moment he was weaned. "What is this nonsense about the spatial density of magic, anyway? I've never heard of any such thing." His voice came out caustically, but she could read the underlying embarrassment his criticism was meant to cover up.</p>
<p>"That's the information most texts leave out," she said, leaning forward on her stool with an eager smile. "See, wandless magic is an entirely different method of utilizing magic without the wand acting as a channel. It's as if your wand is a garden hose and the water is magic. Without the hose, it just pours out of the faucet, powerful but directionless. Wandless magic means your magic has to act as both the water and the hose if you want to get anything done. That means a lot more magic is required to perform a spell without a wand."</p>
<p>"Not to mention more control," Caelum mused, losing his perpetually pinched expression at last. "I have to compress the magic until it holds the shape a wand's movements would normally provide. How do you make magic more dense, though?" Harry was about to suggest that it was a matter of making your own will the mold and simply filling it when Lestrange let out a short chuckle. "Of course, I see now. The water faucet—you just turn it to full blast, right?"</p>
<p>She blinked. Was that right? "I don't think—"</p>
<p>He held out his hand toward the ground in front of him and braced it with the other at his wrist. Ignoring her concerned noise of disagreement, Caelum growled out, "Fortis."</p>
<p>The shield burst into being before his hand and then kept expanding, bigger and brighter until, with a bang, it exploded outward, meeting the basement floor with a thunderous crack. Only Harry's own hastily conjured shield saved their faces from the backlash of debris as the uncontrolled shield put a sizable dent in the stone beneath their stools.</p>
<p>"Remember that thing about control," Harry said dryly, dropping her shield with a flick of her fingers. She had to admit she was impressed at the sheer power Lestrange had been able to conjure, however. She suspected he was more versed in wandless magic than he'd been letting on.</p>
<p>Caelum eyed her hands with poorly veiled interest. "Control. Sure. So were those reflexes something you picked up along with shaped imbuing or were you deeply traumatized at some point?"</p>
<p>"Wouldn't you like to know?" Harry lifted her nose, brushing a bit of dust from her robes nonchalantly. "Maybe try a Bubble-making Charm the next time you think you've discovered the secret to wandless magic within five minutes of cracking the book open."</p>
<p>Lestrange shrugged his shoulders disagreeably. "I have you here to protect us though, don't I?"</p>
<p>"Perhaps I'll stick to defending our vital organs next time and leave your pretty face to its fate," Harry suggested.</p>
<p>"So much petty jealously," Lestrange said, tisking his tongue with false disapproval. "You could have a face like mine, too, if you stopped wasting your gold on potions ingredients and put it toward procedures that would actually do you good." He began eyeing her critically, dark amusement shadowing his otherwise nonchalant expression. "I know a witch with a gift for permanent transfigurations who could slim down your shoulders and take some of the sharpness out of your jaw line. Probably even fix those eyebrows for free as a public service."</p>
<p>"Is that who you used, Lestrange?" she asked, feigning interest. After a beat of thoughtful silence she added, "I'm surprised you'd recommend her services, considering…" She gave him a dismissive once over that had him bristling. Really, it was too easy to turn his barbs back on him of late. It was almost like he wasn't trying.</p>
<p>"I'm being serious, Potter," Lestrange growled. He actually looked offended. "She'd give you a discount if you mentioned I referred you."</p>
<p>She had to blink at that. He was seriously trying to convince her to undergo transfigurative surgery to make herself more attractive? She wondered what he'd say if he knew she'd attained her current looks from a form of semi-permanent transfiguration in the first place. Fighting a smile, she shook her head slowly. "Thanks, but I'll wait a few years before I resort to such drastic measures. Who knows? Maybe I'll grow into my looks."</p>
<p>Lestrange sighed. "It'll be too late by then, you ninny. At your age, prospective matches have already begun looking, and given the legislative wheels currently in motion you should be very concerned with the heads you turn—or those you don't, rather. You don't want to be left with no options when the marriage law gets pushed through, do you?"</p>
<p>That was…almost kind, coming from Lestrange. Still, his concern was wildly misguided, in this instance. "I'll take it under advisement," she said diplomatically. Quite ready for the conversation to shift back to ground on which she could get her footing, she cleared her throat. "Try wandless casting again, only this time hold the spell inside you as long as possible before letting the magic manifest."</p>
<p>"As usual, you make no bloody sense, Potter," Lestrange muttered, twisting his neck elegantly in a show of gearing himself up once more.</p>
<p>"Learning how to cast wandlessly is part of the process," Harry said patiently, "But it isn't the final goal. You want to start working backwards as soon as possible so you don't get so comfortable with wandless magic that you can no longer conceptualize what you're doing—that will make it harder to reverse-engineer. Shaped imbuing is about shaping the magic <em>without</em> releasing it. It's going to go against most of your instincts at first, so it will take time to overcome that."</p>
<p>"How long did it take you to learn?" Lestrange demanded. </p>
<p>She coughed a bit awkwardly. "Oh. Actually, I did it by accident. I didn't realize it was odd until Master Thompson told me it literally wasn't possible."</p>
<p>The older boy stared at her for a long moment, then let out a short huff. "Every time I decide you might be a fire-starting genius you say something like that and I realize you're just a village idiot who found a box of matches."</p>
<p>"There are many paths to greatness," she said solemnly. "Sometimes you battle your way to the top of the castle, through dragons and dementors and the lot, and other times you step on a loose tile and find a secret passageway that leads exactly where you want to go."</p>
<p>"And sometimes you fall through a trap door and die," Lestrange said, frowning. "Do you have any idea what you're teaching me, or am I going to blow myself up before I figure this out?"</p>
<p>"No way of knowing until we try," she said honestly. "On the bright side, no one that I know of has blown themselves up learning shaped imbuing."</p>
<p>"Only one other person has ever tried, and that was <em>Master Snape</em>," Lestrange said.</p>
<p>"And he's doing just fine," Harry said soothingly. "Got a letter from him just last week saying he was having the time of his life shaped imbuing."</p>
<p>"Oh you didn't either," Lestrange grumbled. Nevertheless, he held up his hands and began gathering magic to them with a look of fierce concentration on his face. She could sense the power coiling under his skin. His hands trembled slightly as he struggled to keep control of the magic without releasing it. On a bite of frustration the power slipped away from him, manifesting in a torrent of bubbles at first, but quickly dissolving into pure power output that sent air rushing through the lab in uncontrolled bursts.</p>
<p>"Good," she said. "Now do it again, only better."</p>
<p>"Professor of the year, you are," Lestrange grunted. Nevertheless, he did try again. Then several more times until she could see the strain of magic expenditure on his pale features.</p>
<p>"That's enough for today," she said, standing from her stool and twisting her back to stretch out the kinks. "You've got the gist of the idea, I think. Just practice until you can shape magic without releasing it, and then send me an owl and we can work on shaped imbuing."</p>
<p>"At that point it's just a matter of directing the magic without releasing it, right?" Lestrange clarified. "I'm sure I can figure it out."</p>
<p>"Suit yourself," Harry said, shrugging. "Keep the book, though, and let me know if you have any questions."</p>
<p>"I'll let you know when I've improved upon the process," the pureblood said, the haughty tilt back to his chin.</p>
<p>"I'll await the news with bated breath," she assured him. She escorted him to the Floo, pretending not to notice James casually eavesdropping on their stilted farewells.</p>
<p>She sincerely hoped the boy didn't manage to blow himself up, not only because it would look bad for the burgeoning field of shaped imbuing, but also because he had turned out to be a surprisingly entertaining acquaintance. It would be a shame to lose all the civilizing work she'd put into his personality at this stage in their friendship.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>After so many days up to her elbows in cauldrons, lulled by the staid, predictable patterns of recipes and routine, it was almost surreal to touch down in the middle of unbridled chaos, but that's what the Quidditch World Cup amounted to. The landing point for their Portkey was overrun moments after they cleared the circle by a gaggle of witches from Romania all sporting Bulgarian-themed face paint.</p>
<p>"See?" Sirius gestured with both hands to the witches as they passed. "<em>They</em> dressed up."</p>
<p>James, wrapped in an Irish-green sweater and matching scarf, sighed gustily. "For the last time, I <em>am</em> sorry I forgot the body paint, Sirius, but you have to admit it's freezing out."</p>
<p>"Are you a wizard or <em>not</em>?" Sirius demanded, planting his hands on bare hips indignantly. Harry thought he looked a little ridiculous with half his torso painted glow-worm green and the other half exposed to the evening air, but judging by the sidelong glances a couple of the Romanian witches flashed her uncle as they passed, team spirit was not the sole motivation behind his eye-catching look.</p>
<p>James grimaced. "The skin dyeing spell doesn't last as long. I'd just be bare-arsed in the breeze when it wore off."</p>
<p>"I don't believe Sirius was asking you to paint your arse, Dear," Lily said mildly.</p>
<p>"Though if you're offering, I think it could score us a pair of omnioculars," Sirius put in helpfully, eyeing a blonde witch at a nearby souvenir stand whose speculative glances in their direction were enough to make Lily straighten slowly.</p>
<p>Her mother placed a possessive arm around James' waist and pulled him pointedly in the direction of a rival stand. Harry thought she was the only one close enough to hear the redheaded woman mutter "mine" under her breath as she passed.</p>
<p>Harry gave Sirius a reproachful look as the two of them trailed her parents. "That witch was looking at you, not Dad."</p>
<p>"Was she?" Sirius didn't seem terribly concerned with this fact. He was newly distracted by a headset that advertised a live audio feed to the players' boxes. "Well this seems a bit easy to take advantage of."</p>
<p>"I hope you're not planning on gambling, Sirius." Lily made a face in the small mirror affixed to the hat rack and discarded the emerald top hat she had tried on with a shrug. James tucked a green flower behind her ear instead and they smiled at one another in a way that seemed to briefly shut the rest of the world out.</p>
<p>"Used to hate it when they did that," Sirius commented to Harry in an undertone.</p>
<p>"And now?" she asked, feigning detached interest.</p>
<p>"I guess it's cute," Sirius said, wrinkling his nose a bit. "In small doses."</p>
<p>"Who knew you were such a hopeless romantic?" Harry affected a deadpan expression that set her uncle to chuckling.</p>
<p>"If I'm a hopeless romantic, then you're a cynic, my dear niece," Sirius informed her.</p>
<p>"Realists are always called cynics by optimists," Harry said, not at all insulted by his words.</p>
<p>Sirius fingered a talking button absently. "Sounds like something a cynic would say."</p>
<p>Harry smirked sideways at him. "You would know, Uncle."</p>
<p>Her godfather had to grimace at that. "Aren't you supposed to have a rose-colored image of your role models?"</p>
<p>"At my age?" Harry pretended to think about it. "I think I'm supposed to be recently disillusioned and largely mistrusting, actually. Maybe I should pout."</p>
<p>If there were a facial equivalent of backpedaling, Sirius would have perfected it just then. "<em>Please</em>. Don't."</p>
<p>It was Harry's turn to chuckle. "Then don't complain about my pragmatic outlook. Only think how much worse it could be."</p>
<p>"We really lucked out with you and Archie, didn't we?" Sirius reflected.</p>
<p>Harry had to fake the smile that passed between them at that. Had they? He might think differently, if he only knew all the trouble she and Archie had been courting. It was the sort of trouble that could follow a family for generations. The sort that stained everyone it touched. They tried, she and Archie, to shield their family from the mess they'd made, but some of the waste was frankly radioactive at this point. There was no telling how far the consequences would reach if things went bottoms up at this stage.</p>
<p>They shopped at the various overpriced stands until Sirius tried to get into a fire-breathing contest with one of the jugglers, at which point James casually mentioned having had firewhiskey delivered to their campsite.</p>
<p>"Well why didn't you say so?" Sirius exclaimed, throwing an arm around James' shoulder and snagging Lily's waist with the other. "Come along Harry. It's time you learned how to get properly sloshed."</p>
<p>"That isn't funny, Sirius, she's fourteen—"</p>
<p>"And we were thirteen when we brought that case of butterbeer up to our dorm room and proceeded to toss our wits off the Astronomy tower," Sirius reminded James.</p>
<p>"I recall vomiting spectacularly off that tower if that's what you mean," James said drolly.</p>
<p>"That's what I said." Sirius grinned. "And now it's time to pass that legacy down to—"</p>
<p>"Corrupt your own kid," Lily said sternly. "Harry will have no part of that, will you, Harry?"</p>
<p>"I <em>am</em> a bit thirsty," Harry said, blinking innocently over at them. She waited until James' eyes had grown wide with dismay before adding. "Do you have milk at the tent, Dad?"</p>
<p>His eyes grew moist as his tense shoulders sagged in relief. "I will find you milk if it is the last thing I do, Harry."</p>
<p>He set off happily in the direction of the nearest refreshment tent and Harry turned to Sirius with a smile. "And that's how you stay Daddy's little girl," she said, saccharine smugness in every syllable.</p>
<p>"You—you—" Sirius whistled.</p>
<p>Lily just laughed and patted Harry's cheek fondly. "That's my girl. Let's collect your father and get him to the tent before he works himself into any more states, shall we?"</p>
<p>Sirius sighed as he trailed after them. "James used to be so <em>fun</em>."</p>
<p>"Don't pretend you aren't having fun riling him," Lily said.</p>
<p>"It's not the same," Sirius complained.</p>
<p>"It's exactly the same." Lily laughed. "Maybe you're the one who isn't fun anymore."</p>
<p>Sirius could not have looked more affronted if Lily had doused him in cold water. Harry couldn't help but suggest, "That sounded like a challenge, Uncle Sirius."</p>
<p>Before Lily could utter a word of repentance, Sirius was crowing. "I am the funnest of them all! You'll rue the day you questioned the merrymaking capabilities of one Sirius Black!" He grabbed for his wand and shot dozens of green sparks into the air one after another, like an American cowboy shooting his weapon boisterously into the sky. "Don't wait for me!" he cried, striding toward the blonde-haired stall keeper without further explanation.</p>
<p>"Well done, Harry," Lily said, grimacing. "We've done it now. We'll be following his path of destruction all evening."</p>
<p>Harry shook her head on a laugh. "We won't either. He's a grown man, Mum. Let him have his fun. Now you and Dad can go do couple things and I can have some peace and quiet in the tent."</p>
<p>"That doesn't sound very fun for you," Lily said, doubtful.</p>
<p>Harry reached into her pocket and pulled out a slim tome on South American poisons that Archie had sent her. "I brought my own entertainment. Anyway, I'm really here for the match. You guys have fun with the revelry makers and don't worry about me. We can all meet up when the stands start filling."</p>
<p>Lily thought it over. "You have a map to our camp site?"</p>
<p>She produced it with a flourish. "X marks the spot."</p>
<p>Her mother nodded. "All right, then. You're more than old enough to look after yourself. Just keep a watchful eye on your purse, Harry, and don't do anything that… Remus wouldn't do."</p>
<p>Harry grinned. "Had to think for a moment to come up with a good example, didn't you, Mum? That's sad."</p>
<p>"Oh, go on then." Lily waved her away with an exasperated huff. She spotted James coming their way with a cup of milk in his hand and smoothly intercepted him, taking the cup and sipping from it with a playful smile of thanks.</p>
<p>Harry waved cheerfully and set off into the crowds, weaving through throngs of Wizarding folk all dressed in wildly impractical amalgamations of clothing. The inundation of red and green everywhere gave the effect of a Christmas party gone terribly wrong. The sense of gaiety was not the right tenor for a holiday party, either; there was a wild edge to the crowd that she recognized from the dueling tournament in the Lower Alleys. The energy was intoxicating—or would be, if she didn't consider herself slightly apart from it. She was not the sort to surrender her consciousness to an atmosphere, no matter how enjoyable. She preferred the role of observer. It was no less enjoyable, and she valued the control it afforded.</p>
<p>Past the concession stands were rows and rows of tents—though the term 'row' might be a rather forgiving description of the way they were arranged. There <em>were</em> pathways between and around the hundreds of canvas dwellings, but they twisted and turned sharply about themselves, giving the impression that no sort of organization existed at all. The haphazard manner in which the occupying wizards comported themselves and their belongings further complicated the path she took on her way to their designated tent. She stepped over blankets and chairs, skipped around the occasional stray toddler, and several times ducked hastily to avoid a poorly aimed firework.</p>
<p>"Harry! Harriett Potter, over here!"</p>
<p>Speaking of poorly aimed fireworks. She turned her head to see Fred and George Weasley waving excitedly at her from the next row over. She picked her way toward them with a polite expression of curiosity on her face. "Well met, you two. How long have you been here?"</p>
<p>"Nearly all day," Fred said, leaning down from his not inconsiderable height to speak to her. "Our family caught one of the first Portkeys in this morning. You?"</p>
<p>"Just arrived," she said, gesturing vaguely behind her. "My parents are wandering about the stalls, and Uncle Sirius is causing trouble somewhere. I was just going to relax in our tent for a while before—"</p>
<p>"I'm going to stop you right there," George said, holding up a hand. She blinked patiently at him as he cleared his throat and continued, in a grander tone. "Young maiden, we, Messrs. Weasley and, incidentally enough, Weasley, will be your escorts for the evening."</p>
<p>She turned her nose up primly. "And what qualifies you two scoundrels to escort a hoity toity lass like meself?"</p>
<p>"Apart from our dashing good looks and natural charm?" George pretended to consider it. "Can't think of a thing. Fred?"</p>
<p>"We know Rigel," Fred said brightly. He paired the sentiment with a broad smile.</p>
<p>"You forget I know very well what sort of people Rigel hangs about with," Harry said. She looked them over in their wildly patterned Irish pride gear and made an unconvinced face. Lowering her voice, she added, "You haven't got fleas, have you?"</p>
<p>George scratched absently at his ear. "Why? You got something against blood-sucking parasites?"</p>
<p>"Doesn't everyone?" she asked, raising her eyebrows.</p>
<p>"Actually vampires are quite in vogue at the moment," Fred told her gravely. "There's even a new vampire bar in Hogsmeade that serves the diurnally challenged."</p>
<p>She wrinkled her nose. She was almost afraid to ask, but… "What's it called?"</p>
<p>"Fangtastic Fancies," Fred drawled.</p>
<p>"Oh it can't be." She made an ill face.</p>
<p>"Don't listen to him." George shoved his brother away with disgust. "It's a restaurant, not a bar, and it's called Bloody Good Bites."</p>
<p>She snorted. "That's even worse. Where do you two come up with this stuff?"</p>
<p>"It's a gift," George sighed.</p>
<p>"We aren't proud of it," Fred agreed.</p>
<p>"Except when they are," a new voice cut in. The three of them turned as Ginny Weasley, decked gamely in green trousers and a white jacket, joined their group. "Evening, Harry. These two weren't bothering you, were they?"</p>
<p>"What will you do if they were?" she wondered.</p>
<p>George clapped a hand over her mouth as Fred gasped dramatically. Both turned fearful eyes on their little sister, who began cracking her knuckles ominously.</p>
<p>"Please don't—"</p>
<p>"Not again—"</p>
<p>"We promise—"</p>
<p>"—to be good!"</p>
<p>They fell to their knees with loud sobbing noises as Ginny picked her fingernails idly. People began turning to see what all the fuss was about and several onlookers stopped walking and stared uncertainly at the twins before Ginny shooed them away with an eye roll. "Honestly, you two, must there always be a scene?"</p>
<p>Fred popped lightly to his feet and George stood with an oh-so-casual stretch. "Yes," Fred said plainly.</p>
<p>"It's in our contract," George clarified.</p>
<p>"Consider yourselves terminated," Ginny said. She turned flat eyes toward Harry. "What were you doing before these airheads waylaid you?"</p>
<p>"I was going to read a book in my tent," Harry said, shrugging at the grimaces of pity the twins shot her.</p>
<p>"Lovely," Ginny said. She linked her arm through one of Harry's and tugged her in a random direction. "Let's do that. Tell Dad I'm with the Potters," she added to her brothers.</p>
<p>"But—" George frowned after her.</p>
<p>"You aren't..." Fred trailed off with a defeated sigh as Ginny pointedly pulled Harry around the corner of a large tent.</p>
<p>The redheaded girl dropped Harry's elbow once they were out of sight and smiled somewhat sharply at her. "Sorry to use you so shamelessly when we aren't very good friends yet."</p>
<p>Harry smiled back and shook her head. "No apology necessary—we females must look out for one another."</p>
<p>Ginny frowned. "I don't need looking out for."</p>
<p>"But your family feels differently," Harry guessed. "Are you really going to come with me or did you just say that to get away?"</p>
<p>"Are you really going to go read a book or did you just say that to get away?" Ginny shot back, tilting her chin in a challenge.</p>
<p>Harry felt her eyes narrow of their own accord and a smile played across her lips. She sometimes forgot why she liked Ginny, but other times the redhead brought a thrill to her stomach that made her think Ginny was the sort of girl she wished she could be—maybe even the sort she would have been, if her deceptive lifestyle didn't warrant caution and placidity at every turn.</p>
<p>Even though it absolutely had been her intention to find her tent and read the book in her pocket, she found herself saying boldly, "I'm sure we can find <em>something</em> more interesting to do around here."</p>
<p>"Well, maybe," Ginny said, shrugging. "It's only the Quidditch World Cup."</p>
<p>They eyed one another with twin expressions of forced boredom until Harry cracked a grin and they both dissolved into hearty laughter. "Let me leave a note at my family's tent so they know where I've gone," Harry said after regaining her breath. "Then we can find something to catch our interest."</p>
<p>"Or some<em>one</em>," Ginny suggested.</p>
<p>Harry looked askance at the Gryffindor. "Aren't you a little young to be on the prowl?"</p>
<p>"You're never too young to practice," Ginny said, blinking big brown eyes innocently.</p>
<p>Harry considered the girl critically. "I can still see your smile when you do that," she said, gesturing with a finger to the corner of Ginny's mouth. "Try thinking of something that confuses you when you make those eyes—it'll add a dimension of genuine naiveté to the expression that might detract from the enjoyment you partake in making it."</p>
<p>Ginny gaped at her. Then her face morphed into a positively predatory look of glee. "Show me."</p>
<p>Harry allowed her features to fall into an expression of dismayed apology. With wide, regretful eyes she demurred. "Oh, I couldn't possibly pull it off. I was just—" She flapped her hands unsurely. "—just suggesting, that's all."</p>
<p>Ginny stared harder at her. After a moment, Harry dropped her pretense with a lazy grin and Ginny started to chuckle softly. "I thought you were a stone-cold princess when I met you, Miss Potter, but I am quickly reevaluating that opinion. <em>Where</em> did you learn to do <em>that?</em>"</p>
<p>"As a child I was left alone a lot. I used to stare at myself in the mirror for hours," she confessed, her eyes going distant and sad. "I made hundreds of faces at myself, willing the girl in the mirror to change, to become someone interesting or likable. A person worth being."</p>
<p>Ginny shifted a bit uncomfortably. "R-really?" She cleared her throat awkwardly, visibly gearing herself up to say something reassuring.</p>
<p>"No." Harry sighed, dropping the character like a heavy coat. "Not really. I just lie a lot."</p>
<p>Ginny huffed exasperatedly and shoved Harry's shoulder to show her displeasure. "I'm not falling for that again."</p>
<p>"Two sickles says you will," Harry said archly, setting off along the path once more.</p>
<p>"You're on!" Ginny fell into step hastily. "And you will teach me how to do that."</p>
<p>"I'll consider it, though I'm not sure you need any more weapons in your arsenal," she told the younger girl. "Your brothers already stumble over themselves to please you."</p>
<p>"That took years of work, though," Ginny complained, unabashed. "You spun me up in five minutes."</p>
<p>"I worked many years to be able to," Harry cautioned her. "It does actually take of lot of practice—the thing about making faces at myself in a mirror was closer to truth than is unembarrassing to admit."</p>
<p>"I told you already I don't mind a little <em>practice</em>," Ginny assured her. There was a lioness behind the grin she gave next, and Harry sincerely pitied any person on the receiving end of Ginny's manipulations. She suspected the girl would excel at emotional artifice, given half a chance.</p>
<p>They found her family's plot fairly quickly. It was positively modest in comparison to some of the opulent tents around them, but the Marauders logo on the entry flap was unmistakable. The Black family name had bought them a spot in the shadow of the gargantuan stadium, sandwiched between such illustrious patrons as the Macmillans and the Raifsnyders. She saw the Malfoy pavilion dominating the skyline further down the row, its crest a glittering totem of wealth and circumstance. She wondered briefly if she would see Draco that evening, then realized that she certainly would, considering they'd both be in the Top Box once the match started.</p>
<p>After the note was left for her parents, she and Ginny set off to explore the event grounds. Harry was certain she'd never seen so many witches and wizards in once place. It was more crowded than Diagon and Hogsmeade put together, and the diversity of nationalities and even species was not something seen in the average Wizarding community. Ginny charmed a pair of ice creams from an adolescent stall keeper and Harry tried not to feel guilty as she enjoyed hers. She would have bought them both, if she weren't familiar with the stubborn reality of Weasley pride.</p>
<p>They stumbled across an acrobatic show and paused to watch a pair of young jugglers exchanging knives at increasingly reckless speeds. At the final trick, in which the smaller of the two leapt between the knives her partner juggled the crowd burst into applause and the two young artists turned to face them, bowing deeply. When they straightened, Harry's eyes caught a pair she recognized with a jolt of surprise. The small performer was Cora, and she looked to be completely recovered from her bought with Seifer's Sickness.</p>
<p>Cora winked a bright green eye at Harry, who smiled back warmly. Ginny had caught the exchange, but there was no help for that when Cora wove her way toward them at the show's conclusion and said, "Miss Harry! Leo didn't say you'd be here."</p>
<p>"He didn't say you'd be here, either," Harry said, tilting her head at the girl consideringly. "Did you run away to join the circus?"</p>
<p>Cora laughed heartily. "You can't make money at a circus, Harry, everyone knows that. This is my troupe! We're the best juggling act in London, and Leo managed to get us passes to perform here at the Cup. Didn't know I was a professional, did ya?"</p>
<p>"I don't know how I missed it," Harry said. "You're quite talented. Are you taking donations, then?"</p>
<p>"Not from <em>you</em>," Cora said, rolling her eyes at Harry. "You only saved my life. Healer Hurst told me so."</p>
<p>"What about from me, then?" Ginny asked, holding out a Knut with a small smile of her own.</p>
<p>"Depends," Cora said slowly. "Who're you?"</p>
<p>"This is my friend, Ginny," Harry said. "Ginny, this is Cora."</p>
<p>Cora stuck her hand, still in its fingerless padded gloves, out toward Ginny smartly. As they shook, the blonde-haired girl said brightly, "You look like Curse-breakin' Will."</p>
<p>Ginny glanced at Harry with a questioning face, but Harry just shrugged with a vacant smile. She wasn't about to spill the beans on Bill—they had an arrangement of sorts. "Well, you look a bit like my classmate, Luna," Ginny offered.</p>
<p>Cora smiled widely and dropped her hand, subtly pocketing the Knut Ginny had passed her with a nod of thanks. "I'd better go—the next show starts in a few. See ya around, Miss Harry!"</p>
<p>They waved as the girl trotted back to her troop, then meandered on their way toward the souvenir stands.</p>
<p>"Cora looks like a gutter rat," Ginny said in her usual blunt way of conversing.</p>
<p>"She looked pretty presentable today, actually," Harry said.</p>
<p>Ginny shot her a look. "You know what I mean. She lives off the coin she makes juggling, doesn't she?"</p>
<p>"Among other things," Harry admitted. "Why?"</p>
<p>"How did you meet her? And who's Leo? Is he her pimp or something?" Ginny's tone was placid but her eyes were sharp with curiosity.</p>
<p>Harry winkled her nose. "Goodness, no. Leo is just a mutual friend. I met her in Diagon Alley by chance."</p>
<p>"And you saved her life during this chance encounter?" Ginny pressed.</p>
<p>"Nothing so dramatic," she assured the girl. "Saving people is rather Rigel's thing, don't you think?"</p>
<p>Ginny seemed willing to turn the conversation in that direction. "His record does work against him in that respect. Was he always like that—I mean, you grew up together, right? Did he save you all the time?"</p>
<p>Harry couldn't help but laugh at that. "No, not really. Rigel was entirely unassuming until he went to Hogwarts. He liked to read and play Quidditch and do the same things other children do. Hogwarts has been a poor influence on him I daresay."</p>
<p>"He claims to be unassuming still," Ginny said, shaking her head bemusedly. "He walks around like all the ridiculous things that happen around him aren't his fault."</p>
<p>"Well, they aren't <em>really</em>—"</p>
<p>"Don't defend him," Ginny said sternly. "Rigel's oblivious attitude is what gets him into half those dramatic situations, you know. If he admitted he was special people would stop bothering him about it."</p>
<p>"I'm not sure that's what would happen," Harry said, grimacing. "Rigel isn't oblivious, but he's wary of the sort of people who would <em>start</em> bothering him if it came out he was as unusual as people seem to think." It was painful to be so honest about herself, but if she could appease people like Ginny as Harry it would make her time as Rigel that much easier. "It's better if people believe he's just very unlucky, don't you see?"</p>
<p>"So you admit he is special?" Ginny said, a sly grin on her face.</p>
<p>Harry blinked. Had that been the entire purpose of Ginny's remarks? She had to smile appreciatively. It was rare that she lost control of a conversation these days. "I admit nothing," Harry said, "but I understand that reality is subservient to perception in a case like this. Regardless of what Rigel is or isn't, it's still important that people think him to be innocuous."</p>
<p>Ginny sighed, lacing her fingers behind her back restlessly as they walked. "I comprehend his intentions, but I must regretfully inform you of the plan's incontestable failure. The game is up! Everyone knows Rigel is different. Now the only question is how deep do the differences go?"</p>
<p>Harry made an exasperated noise. "That, right there, is the problem. You phrased it all dramatic and mysterious and anyone overhearing that is going to be inevitably intrigued. If everyone would stop drawing attention to my cousin he could live his solitary academic life in peace."</p>
<p>"Oh yes," Ginny drawled, a smirk tugging at her lips. "I'm certain it was the gossips' fault that Rigel saved everyone from the sleeping sickness. And they probably pushed him into saving that old wizard at the Cow Party Gala last winter—oh yes, I heard about that—and that time he almost singlehandedly stopped the spiders from infiltrating the Great Hall was definitely because—"</p>
<p>"Okay, I get it," Harry groaned. "Stop please."</p>
<p>Ginny, satisfied that her point was driven home, linked their arms once more and towed Harry toward a pennant stall to look for a miniature Bulgarian flag. "We can talk about something else. What do you do for fun, anyway?"</p>
<p>"I brew potions," Harry said, fingering a green streamer idly. The wrapper said it was twenty feet and would never tangle.</p>
<p>"Even I know that," Ginny said. "What else?"</p>
<p>Harry thought. "I read books—"</p>
<p>"About potions?" Ginny guessed. "You need some serious social stimulation, my friend."</p>
<p>"Doesn't this count, then?" Harry wanted to know.</p>
<p>"No. I forced my company on you, remember?" Ginny batted her lashes at her sarcastically. "You have to seek it out for it to count."</p>
<p>"Who is making up these rules?" Harry muttered.</p>
<p>"We can start now," Ginny said suddenly, grabbing her arm and pulling her around the stand abruptly. "See those two German boys? They think we're pretty. Let's strike up a conversation."</p>
<p>"About how pretty we are?" Harry frowned. A swift assessment told her that one of the young men in question did think Ginny was pretty and was currently attempting to convince his bored-looking friend to accompany him in trying to talk to her. She also noticed that the boy looked about sixteen and swiftly reversed the grip Ginny had on her arm. Now Harry was towing her friend away from the two Germans with a steady stride.</p>
<p>"What gives?" her redheaded friend protested.</p>
<p>"He's too old for you," Harry said firmly. Before Ginny could get offended, she added, "Anyway did you see his teeth? Yellowed and cracked. Three Galleons says he's addicted to Hagsweed."</p>
<p>"<em>Ewww.</em>" Ginny shuddered. "Good call, Harry. A girl's got to have standards."</p>
<p>"In her playthings?" Harry finished dryly.</p>
<p>"Well, exactly." Ginny began turning her head this way and that as they walked. "Who should be our next victim—hey, look, it's Cedric Diggory! He lives just over the hill from us in Ottery St. Catchpole. He used to cry when Charlie and Bill beat him at Quidditch, but he's certainly grown up the last few years, hasn't he?"</p>
<p>Harry followed Ginny's gaze to where a good-looking wizard with golden-brown hair that would make Lockhart envious was standing. He looked familiar. "Is he a seventh-year?" she asked. She felt like she'd met him at some point, but couldn't put her finger on where. Had his been one of the many minds she walked back in first year?</p>
<p>"Sixth year," Ginny said, edging the two of them slowly toward the unsuspecting wizard. "Hufflepuff. Quite talented, if you believe his Head of House. If you believe his father, he's the second coming of Merlin."</p>
<p>Harry cast amused eyes on a shorter, older wizard standing beside the sixth year in question. She had an idea of who he was. "Amos Diggory," she said, glancing at Ginny to confirm it. "He works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, right?"</p>
<p>She had seen his name on several key initiatives for the reclassification of fresh-water Selkies from 'semi-sentient' to 'near-intelligent.' The change was sending the exotic hair market into a tizzy, as the hunting of 'near-intelligent' creatures required a license and was limited to certain population-based quotas in most regions. Many believed that 'near-intelligent' creatures should not be hunted at all, seeing that the category included mermen, centaurs, and other civilized beings, but on the other hand it included Acromantulas, dementors, and lethifolds as well, and no one seemed worked up about protecting those species from extermination.</p>
<p>"Yes," Ginny said absently. "He and Dad have lunch together pretty regularly. No idea what his wife does, but she's not around the house much. Isn't he cute?"</p>
<p>"Amos?" Harry asked, just to see Ginny scowl at her. Harry turned a considering look on the younger Diggory to appease her friend and shrugged. "I suppose his face is rather symmetrical."</p>
<p>"Don't be a bore," Ginny complained. "Gush with me."</p>
<p>"No, thank you," Harry said politely. Gushing was not on her list of things she would do to humor friends.</p>
<p>"Oh, all right," Ginny said. "At least come meet him, then." Before Harry could voice her disinclination to do that, either, Ginny was waving and calling out, "Cedric! Over here!"</p>
<p>The bronze-haired boy turned and caught sight of Ginny's broadly waving arm. He raised a hand in friendly acknowledgement and excused himself from his father's company to jog over and say hello. "We meet again, Ginny. Where are your brothers, then?" He seemed well aware that her family was not wont to send her off on her own.</p>
<p>"Who cares?" Ginny said, tugging Harry closer in a possessive way. "This is Harriett Potter. She's my minder for the evening, and much better company than those dolts in any case."</p>
<p>Diggory extended his hand with a gentlemanly smile. "It's very nice to make your acquaintance, Miss Potter."</p>
<p>Looking at him up close, she was able to place where she knew him from at last. He was the Seeker for the Hufflepuff house team, and he was also the boy who'd found her at the scene when Wates had been petrified in her second year. Not her finest moment, but there was no need to be embarrassed about it as Harry. "Pleased to meet you as well. Ginny tells me you're neighbors."</p>
<p>He nodded readily enough. "Just over the hill. My father and I caught a Portkey in with the Weasleys this morning, in fact."</p>
<p>Harry shot Ginny a glance that said, <em>oh, really?</em> Ginny smiled unrepentantly back. "That must have been fun growing up. I had cousin Rigel to play with, but it isn't the same playing Quidditch with just two people."</p>
<p>Diggory's eyes lit up. "You play Quidditch? I'm on the house team at school. Learned everything I know from this one's older brothers."</p>
<p>Ginny pouted prettily. "I taught you a few tricks too, didn't I?" She tilted her head down slightly so that she was looking up through her thick lashes. It was a good trick, but only because she'd adopted a critical expression that made the look cute rather than creepy.</p>
<p>"You taught me how to recognize cheating," Diggory said dryly, not appearing the least bit interested in Ginny's eyes.</p>
<p>Ginny laughed, and Harry noted she had pitched it at a lower register than usual. Clever, if she was attempting to downplay her youth. "Cheating is a time-honored tradition in Quidditch. It's only to be expected, with passions running so high."</p>
<p>"That's true enough," Diggory said, rubbing his neck thoughtfully and completely ignoring the subtle emphasis Ginny had put on the word 'passions.' He was either very oblivious, very good at dissembling, or so used to thinking of Ginny as a child that her attempts to steer his focus didn't register. "No one is expecting a clean match tonight, that's for certain."</p>
<p>"Speaking of, we should get going if we're going to meet our folks before it starts," Harry put in, smiling politely at Diggory to soften her abrupt withdrawal from the conversation. She couldn't let Ginny continue to embarrass herself in good conscience, no matter how amusing it was.</p>
<p>The Hufflepuff smiled his understanding and bade them a kind farewell before making his way back to his dad. Ginny sighed at his leaving but shrugged with equanimity as they headed back toward the Weasleys' tent site.</p>
<p>"Didn't seem too keen," the redhead commented. She didn't seem bothered by this fact.</p>
<p>"He sees you as a little sister," Harry told her.</p>
<p>She nodded sagely. "He looked at me like Bill does. Still, we must practice where we can, yes?"</p>
<p>"Just what are you practicing for?" Harry asked, despite not being entirely sure she wanted to know.</p>
<p>Ginny gave her a disparaging frown. "Even you aren't that aloof, Harry. I may be the seventh child of a disgraced family but I'll be expected to marry too one day. I'm not dense. I know it's going to be an uphill battle. I lack both personality and circumstance, but at least the former I can fake, if I use elements of distraction and capitalize on my physical attributes."</p>
<p>Harry, disturbed at the idea of a thirteen-year-old using physical assets to social advantage, allowed her gaze to slide into frank honesty. "You do have personality, Ginny. It's not one that complements everyone, but that's good. You have the personality of…curry. It's spicy, but interesting."</p>
<p>"I have the personality of a stomach flu," Ginny said, grimacing. "There's no need to be polite about it. I'm extremely rude and I don't generally apologize for it. I like making people uncomfortable. I enjoy putting them off balance. Now I have to learn the sort of likability that people marry for, though. I'm not complaining—everyone has to learn it, near as I can tell. I'm just behind schedule. Any help would be appreciated."</p>
<p>Harry thought about that as they walked. She supposed social nicety was a good skill for everyone to have. "Okay. The first thing you should work on is using your age to your advantage. It might seem counterintuitive to your eventual purpose to downplay your sexuality, but at this point boldness will work against you and draw attention to the sharper aspects of your personality. Your goal should be to soften the edges people perceive instead. Speech patterns will go a long way toward this, as will a tiny bit of projected uncertainty. People expect females to lack confidence in any case, so a small dose of self-deprecation will slot you neatly into most people's expectations—they won't notice even relatively obvious slip-ups once they've categorized you. People are mentally lazy like that…"</p>
<p>She gave all the advice she could think of that might be useful to Ginny's purpose. By the time they reached their destination, she had only one last suggestion.</p>
<p>"Talk to Pansy Parkinson," she told her earnestly. "My cousin says she's an expert at this sort of thing."</p>
<p>Ginny raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Parkinson? But she's so…soft. Delicate. Sweet. I don't know. She just doesn't seem the type to need anything like this."</p>
<p>Harry smiled slightly. "She might surprise you."</p>
<p>They stopped before a tent with the name 'Perkins' printed on the flap. "We borrowed it," Ginny explained, not an ounce of embarrassment in her voice. She ducked in and Harry followed, emerging in a very spacious multi-room tent with vaulted ceilings and a multitude of beds crammed into all available spaces.</p>
<p>"There you are, Ginny," Mr. Weasley stood from the kitchen table and smiled at Harry. "Thank you for returning my errant child, Miss Potter."</p>
<p>"She was excellent company, Mr. Weasley," Harry said, smiling back. "Thank you for letting me borrow her for a couple of hours."</p>
<p>"Is your father working security for the Minister tonight?" he asked.</p>
<p>"Not if he can help it," Harry said. "It's his day off."</p>
<p>"He best steer clear of the Top Box, then," Arthur chortled. "The Minister can be quite insistent, and Lord Potter is his favorite Auror."</p>
<p>Harry grimaced. "We're actually sitting in that box."</p>
<p>"Really?" Ron popped his head out from behind one of the dividing curtains. "We've got tickets there, too! Dad got a favor out of Ludo Bagman, and he got us all seats!"</p>
<p>Harry politely masked her surprise with a broad smile. "That's excellent. We can all watch the game together, then."</p>
<p>"Is Rigel with you?" Ron asked, coming out to plop down on a stool beside where Ginny stood.</p>
<p>"Still in South America, I'm afraid," Harry said. "You probably won't see him until the school term starts."</p>
<p>Ron shook his head bemusedly. "Trust Rigel to pick learning over the Quidditch World Cup."</p>
<p>Harry smiled but didn't defend her cousin. Or was it herself? She wasn't sure.</p>
<p>"I expect your parents will be looking for you soon, Harry," Mr. Weasley reminded her.</p>
<p>"Yes, you're right. Thanks for hanging out with me, Ginny. See you all in a bit." She ducked out of the tent and had to swerve sharply to avoid colliding with George on his way in.</p>
<p>"There's the sister-knapper!" he cried jovially.</p>
<p>"Not having second thoughts are you?" Fred ruffled her hair in a patronizing way. "No refunds or exchanges."</p>
<p>Harry stepped out of his reach. "Too late. She's your problem again."</p>
<p>"Ah, but soon we won't have any problems at all, will we Freddie?"</p>
<p>"No, indeed, Georgie," Fred agreed heartily. They had an air about them that spoke of grand plans and world domination.</p>
<p>"What are you two up to?" she asked, squinting at their too-satisfied expressions.</p>
<p>"Up to?"</p>
<p>"Up to?"</p>
<p>"I'm hurt."</p>
<p>"I'm deeply offended."</p>
<p>"You're mental, the both of you," she sighed. "Just try not to break the universe. Some of us enjoy living in it."</p>
<p>"No promises, Harry," the chorused. She wondered if they had any idea how alarmingly foreboding that habit was.</p>
<p>Darkness was falling, so she made her way back to her family's plot with due haste. She could see a light on inside so she readied an apology for returning so late before pushing her way through the entrance. When she stepped into the common area, however, her mother scarcely glanced at her beyond a smile and a quick, "Oh, good, you're back." She was too preoccupied tending to Sirius, who was slumped on one of the couches with a bag of ice pressed to one eye and the fingers of his other hand kneading the back of his neck carefully.</p>
<p>"What happened?"</p>
<p>"I was attacked," Sirius groaned.</p>
<p>James stepped in from the kitchen with more ice and laughed. "He picked a fight with a Bulgarian chap twice his size—without drawing his wand, mind you."</p>
<p>"He insulted me," Sirius protested.</p>
<p>"He wasn't even talking to you," Lily said, openly exasperated.</p>
<p>"He called Krum the greatest seeker alive," Sirius said vehemently, wincing around a split lip as he did so. "That's an insult to everyone who's ever heard of Josef Wronski."</p>
<p>"Wronski doesn't even play for the Grodzisk Goblins anymore," James pointed out.</p>
<p>"He's still <em>alive</em>," Sirius stressed. "It's the principle of the thing. Can't just go around making comments like that willy-nilly. Not for some seventeen-year-old with a couple of broom endorsements, anyway."</p>
<p>He continued to grumble as James helped him position the other bag of ice over his split lip. Lily favored Harry with a dry look and said, "What was that you said about grown men not requiring other people's supervision?"</p>
<p>Harry sighed sadly. "I'm so disillusioned."</p>
<p>"None of that," Sirius complained. "James, your daughter is cynical and depressing."</p>
<p>James dropped the ice with an affronted sniff and Sirius yelped as the cold pack landed in his lap. Harry laughed and took out her wand. "Let me fix it, Uncle Sirius. Otherwise your whole face will be numb by the time the match starts."</p>
<p>"You can't do underage magic outside of school," Lily protested. Her eyes were sympathetic as she gazed at Sirius' pitiful expression, though.</p>
<p>"What will Mr. Malfoy say if Lord Black shows up at the Top Box looking like he lost a fist fight?" she mused aloud.</p>
<p>James grimaced and Sirius groaned. Lily gave in with good grace. "All right, but we tell no one of this."</p>
<p>Harry grinned a bit. "Hold still, Uncle. It'll only hurt if I make it worse."</p>
<p>His expression went from relieved to apprehensive in an instant. Once she began the healing process, however, he relaxed entirely with rueful gratitude. Cuts and bruises were nothing to her skills, and before two minutes had passed Sirius looked like his old self. She paused as the last of his split lip closed together and asked her parents, "What do you think: should I make his nose a little more crooked?"</p>
<p>Sirius placed a protective hand over the appendage in question and leaned away from her so fast his chair tipped over. From his sprawled position on the ground he pouted. James chuckled as he helped his friend up. Sirius brushed himself off regally and said, with as much dignity as he could conjure, "Well? What are we all standing about for? We better get a move on if we don't want to miss the start."</p>
<p>They warded the tent for theft and started toward the stadium. They weren't alone by any stretch of the imagination. A sea of bodies lay between them and the entrance, so they shuffled slowly along with the sluggish momentum you might expect from a herd of cattle. Vendors pressed in on all sides, desperate to sell their last wares before the match got underway. She couldn't help but wonder why a stadium so large would have only one major entrance. Security, perhaps, though she didn't know what, short of depriving every spectator of his or her wand, could be done to eliminate the risks posed by having so many witches and wizards gathered in one place.</p>
<p>Once inside the stadium, they made better time. For a small fee, Sirius secured them passage to the topmost level of the stands via private lift. They stepped out onto a metal platform that wound its way precariously along the outer rim of the stadium. Doors along its length led to various private boxes that sold for a spectacular amount of money to the right bidder. She wasn't surprised to see signs endorsing the names of notoriously wealthy families from both Britain and the European continent on the doors they passed en route to the Top Box.</p>
<p>She didn't know why or how Sirius had secured them seats in the same box that the Minister of Magic would be sitting in, but she suspected he had been more involved in politics of late than he let on to even her parents and Remus. At times she found newspaper clippings on his desk in his family's library instead of in the rubbish bin, where the paper usually wound up after being gutted for its Quidditch section.</p>
<p>After showing the security wizard at the door their tickets, they were allowed entrance. Harry had to blink sharply at the eye-watering décor before her brain let any other details about the box penetrate her consciousness. It, like the rest of the stadium, was constructed of lightweight wood that was nevertheless reinforced with a suite of stabilizing and strengthening spells to keep the cheaply made structure robust. Unlike the rest of the stadium, the Top Box was reinforced with layered shield charms and other protective wards to protect those within from stray balls and players.</p>
<p>As though in protest of the perfectly practical frame, the interior of the box looked as though a gilded lily had been violently ill all over it. Gold and purple seat cushions that were obviously more decorative than comfortable cluttered the chairs. A banner with some sort of ugly abstract depiction of Quidditch players in unlikely poses proclaimed 'International Magical Cooperation' in proudly flashing cursive. The only thing gaudier than the decorations was the pattern on the Minister's robes. He had made the unfortunate decision to attempt a show of neutrality by combining the Irish green and white with the Bulgarian team's burgundy and black. The overall effect was that of a drawing room curtain gone wrong.</p>
<p>He seemed not to notice the winces his attire was drawing, however, as he sprang toward them upon their entry and clapped James on the back with eager gratitude. "About time, old boy! I was beginning to think Dawlish's relief would never come. Thank goodness it's you and not that other bloke—what's his name? The one with that horrid cough?"</p>
<p>"Ah, Minister," James interrupted, grimacing apologetically. "I'm not actually here as part of your security detail tonight."</p>
<p>"Not…" The Minister looked very put out indeed. "Well, what are you doing here, then?"</p>
<p>"He's my guest, I'm afraid," Sirius said, reaching out to shake the portly wizard's hand briefly. "Couldn't find anyone else last minute; you know how it goes."</p>
<p>"Lord Black!" The Minister was all smiles again. "Good to see you. So you've put those tickets to good use after all. I was beginning to wonder—the match is due to start any minute."</p>
<p>"Wouldn't miss it," Sirius assured him. "You remember Lady Potter, of course."</p>
<p>"Naturally." The politician clasped Lily's hand solicitously. "This rickety contraption positively shines with your presence, my dear."</p>
<p>Harry struggled to keep her eyebrows from rising in amusement. Is that how Rigel sounded when he complimented people? She might have to cut back on that a bit.</p>
<p>"It seems sturdy enough," Lily said, deflecting the compliment easily in favor of looking around the box.</p>
<p>"Yes, well, we've the younger Black brother to thank in part for that," the Minister said jovially. "Fine work, he does." If Sirius was surprised to hear that Regulus had been the architect behind some of the stadium's infrastructure, he didn't show it.</p>
<p>"The Black family delivers only the best," a voice from behind the Minister put in. Harry leaned sideways a bit until Narcissa Malfoy came into view. Her husband and son were standing beside her, in the corner of the box where a table of libations had been artfully tucked.</p>
<p>"When they can be convinced to stir themselves at all," Mr. Malfoy added with a slight drawl that indicated he was making a joke.</p>
<p>"What have you contributed lately then, Malfoy?" Sirius said, not entirely without humor.</p>
<p>Before Malfoy Sr. could return the barb, the Minister spoke enthusiastically on his behalf. "In fact, Lord Malfoy has recently made a <em>sizable</em> donation to St. Mungo's Hospital. Yes, very charitable, don't you think?"</p>
<p>"It's lovely," Lily said, after an awkward half-second in which it became clear James and Sirius had nothing to say on the subject of Lucius Malfoy's charitableness. "Where will the money be going?"</p>
<p>"The children's ward," Lucius said silkily. His expression gave the impression that no one ought to be able to find fault with that. Harry was suddenly very tempted to try.</p>
<p>"What a relief for them," she said, smiling up at Mr. Malfoy as though he'd just hung the moon.</p>
<p>"Oh?" The Minister looked down at her and affected an exaggerated look of realization. "Miss Potter, I remember you. Quite a scare at the Gala, wasn't it? We are so fortunate that our youngest generation is coming along so nicely. I suppose you have an interest in St. Mungo's, eh? Going to work there one day? You'll be grateful for patrons like Lord and Lady Malfoy when that day comes, I daresay."</p>
<p>"No doubt," Harry said, eyes wide with earnest fever. "With Mr. Malfoy's donation, perhaps the children's ward can restock some of the potions they've been out of. Is it going toward medical supplies?"</p>
<p>The Malfoys and the Minister all looked at her as though she were a bird out of its natural habitat. After a pause, Narcissa said, "It's going to a new wing, actually."</p>
<p>"Yes, yes, the Malfoy Memory Wing," Fudge said enthusiastically. "To treat those poor children afflicted with maladies of the mind, you see."</p>
<p>"Oh, I do see," Harry said, nodding in patient understanding. "That's a very noble gesture, Mr. Malfoy. I suppose the funds for correcting the shortage of life-saving potions will have to come from somewhere else, though."</p>
<p>Even Sirius and James were staring at her uncertainly now. The Minister faltered for a moment, clearing his throat delicately. "I—ah—am not aware of any such shortage, my dear. I assure you the children's ward is well provided for."</p>
<p>"I'm sure it's very difficult to provide the more expensive treatments to children in need," Harry said, nodding along with the Minister's uncertain words. "It's a sad fact that the most serious illnesses are often the most costly to cure. And of course the underprivileged are more likely to contract such illnesses, aren't they? If a few of the children can't be saved…well, it isn't really anyone's fault, is it?"</p>
<p>Lady Malfoy looked visibly disturbed. "If there are more pressing needs, our donation should of course be applied to those areas first. We can't allow children to go untreated in favor of erecting structural changes to a building." Draco looked up at his mother with surprise, and his father glanced sideways at her with patient resignation.</p>
<p>"Indeed," Mr. Malfoy allowed. "I'm certain our donation can be re-appropriated if there are children in need."</p>
<p>The Minister looked wide-eyed and dismayed. "No, no, there aren't. Miss Potter, I'm not sure where you got this idea—"</p>
<p>"Why, I met one of them," she said, blinking innocently. She could tell by the looks James and Lily exchanged that they were not buying her act for a moment, but the others all wore expressions of perturbed fascination—all except Fudge, who looked like a man barely treading water. She hoped he could see the waterfall approaching fast. "A little girl, not yet old enough to attend Hogwarts." Not that she would, but they didn't need to know that. "She had the most rambunctious nature; at least, she did until she contracted Seifer's Syndrome."</p>
<p>"How awful," Narcissa murmured.</p>
<p>"Well, even modern magic cannot cure some things," the Minister said uncomfortably. "As you said, Miss Potter. No one's fault."</p>
<p>"Seifer's Solution does have a cure though," Lily put in helpfully. She met Harry's eyes and blinked slowly in response to the look of appreciation she found there.</p>
<p>"A potion, isn't it?" Sirius added, almost idly.</p>
<p>"A very expensive potion," Harry said, nodding sadly. "Her family couldn't afford to hire a Potions Master to brew it. They turned to St. Mungo's for help, but the hospital was out."</p>
<p>"Out?" Mr. Malfoy repeated carefully.</p>
<p>"And had been for months, apparently," Harry went on blithely. "It's just too expensive to keep in stock without an immediate need, they said. They put her name on the waiting list, of course, but left alone, the disease progressed to its later stages. The poor girl was bedridden, unable to even lift her head from her pillow by the end."</p>
<p>"The hospital did not set about procuring the potion in the meantime?" Narcissa asked, looking close to outrage.</p>
<p>"Perhaps they did," Harry said, shrugging slightly. "The girl's family could not pay for the cure, however, so it is likely her name was passed over in favor of more wealthy clients who, though their need may not have been as dire, could compensate the hospital for the use of such resources."</p>
<p>"There should be a fund in place for just such a circumstance," Narcissa said stiffly. "Lucius, we must look into this."</p>
<p>He inclined his head regally, though his sharp eyes found Harry's and did nothing to disguise his annoyance. "Of course, Darling. Perhaps we can make a separate donation to the Potions wing."</p>
<p>"I'll match it," Sirius said firmly, clapping his hand on Harry's shoulder and squeezing to let her know she'd said enough.</p>
<p>The Minister's face shifted from despair to utter disbelief. He shook Sirius's hand with a slow-blooming smile, looking like a child who'd been told he would have two birthdays that year and wasn't sure whether to believe it or not. "Well, now…yes, that's a fine idea. Splendid, really. We must take care of the children, I always say. No magical child perishes of a curable disease in Magical Britain! No, sir."</p>
<p>"What should the fund be called?" Draco spoke up at last from beside his mother. He addressed the group at large but his focus narrowed to her as he added, almost challengingly, "Did this little girl have a name? Perhaps it can be in her honor."</p>
<p>She narrowed her eyes for a moment, trying to suss out his expression. Then she realized: he didn't believe her for a moment. His eyes said clearly he thought she'd made the whole thing up. "It's Cora," she said, smiling slightly. "And I'm sure she'd be delighted to hear she had a whole fund named after her."</p>
<p>"She's… alive?" Draco's face said he was aware of how callous the question was, but there was no better way to put it.</p>
<p>"Oh, yes!" Harry said brightly. "Someone donated the cure at the last moment and she recovered completely."</p>
<p>"That's wonderful," Narcissa said, her face relaxing ever so slightly. "It should never have been jeopardized to such an extent, of course, but at least the child has not paid for our oversights. I'm certain we can help the Ministry see that such an accident never occurs again."</p>
<p>"Indeed," Mr. Malfoy said. He didn't even attempt to sound enthused.</p>
<p>"Well, now, that's settled then," the Minister said. He wiped his hands on his robes nervously. "I hate to step out, but I really must see what's become of the Bulgarian delegation. Can't start the match without them, you know. Be back in a jiffy."</p>
<p>He fairly ran from the box, closing the door rather sharply behind him. Auror Dawlish sighed visibly before trailing after him.</p>
<p>"Was that entirely necessary, Harry?" her mother asked, looking torn between amusement and exasperation.</p>
<p>"Think of the children, Mum," she said, widening her eyes once more and even summoning a bit of moisture to them for effect.</p>
<p>"Just go find your seat before you scare the Malfoys away, too." Lily gestured tiredly toward the half-dozen rows of gilt-covered chairs that took up the front half of the box.</p>
<p>"We're not easily deterred, Lady Potter," Draco said promptly. He followed Harry over to the rows of seats, but didn't say anything for a long moment. She wondered if he was waiting for her to entertain him until he turned to look at her and asked, "How's Rigel?"</p>
<p>"Enjoying himself," she said. She might have known that's what he wanted.</p>
<p>"He must be, to stay so long," Draco said, turning away from her to frown out at the crowd. "I was sure he told me he would be back for this."</p>
<p>"He did plan to be here," Harry said, tone apologetic. "The timetable turned out to be less flexible than he thought."</p>
<p>"Hmm." Draco lapsed into silent contemplation and Harry took the opportunity to look out at the massive spectacle going on below them.</p>
<p>The stadium was so big and their seats were so high that it was like peering down into a fish bowl—if the fish bowl were overrun with ants and all of the ants were in a state of utter delirium, that is. The delay in start time appeared to be causing minor riots in several sections of the stands. She watched as Aurors in brightly lit vests bee-lined through rows and rows of spectators toward trouble spots. They looked from her height like flickering lamps lost in a forest of restless red and green leaves.</p>
<p>"Did you send him a birthday card?" Draco asked abruptly.</p>
<p>Harry pulled her attention back to the box and nodded. "Along with a potion I thought would amuse him."</p>
<p>"What did he think of it?" he pressed. His attitude was just casual enough to be suspicious. Why did he care what Rigel thought of his birthday present from Harry?</p>
<p>"He seemed appropriately wary and intrigued," she said. As Draco's eyelids shuttered in response to her words, her eyebrows rose. "Why the interest?"</p>
<p>Her unknowing friend affected a shrug that didn't fool her for an instant. "No reason. He didn't say anything about the trinket I sent him, so I wondered if he might be too busy to send an owl. Guess not."</p>
<p>She didn't have to be an empath to feel the hurt emanating from Draco's closed off expression. She assured him quickly. "Rigel loved the holster you sent. It was a joint gift from you and Miss Parkinson, wasn't it? He told me the engravings are exquisite." It was a far cry from any mere 'trinket,' and that she knew simply from viewing it through the two-way mirror. She was certain it would prove even more handsome to behold in person: all soft leather and embossed fastenings.</p>
<p>Rather than the smirk of self-congratulations she expected, Draco frowned at her. "If he liked it so much, why didn't he tell us? Pansy is half convinced we need to get him something else before term starts."</p>
<p>Harry grimaced. "He can't send letters anymore. The quarantine has been tightened. He can receive mail, but nothing is to leave the affected area until the disease is eradicated. Including Rigel."</p>
<p>"What?" Draco's alarm was palpable. "They can't just keep him there. I'll talk to my father. I'm sure we can arrange an international Portkey. I'll smuggle it in my next letter if that's what it takes—"</p>
<p>"Hold on, Draco; calm down," Harry said, now alarmed for a different reason. She certainly didn't need Archie being whisked unaware to the Malfoys' manor. The blond aristocrat paused in his wild planning, perhaps only in surprise that she'd used his given name. She generally avoided it as Harry, despite having been given permission to use it. "Rigel is fine. He doesn't need to be rescued. He's just going to be there a little longer while they ensure no asymptomatic cases have been left untreated in the villages." The final stages of eradicating an illness were the most critical. Complete quarantine was necessary to ensuring it couldn't take hold somewhere else.</p>
<p>Draco scowled at her lack of urgency. "If he can't communicate outside of the quarantine, how do you <em>know</em> he's fine?"</p>
<p>"We have… another way of communicating," she admitted carefully. "It doesn't fall under the quarantine's restrictions, as it doesn't involve the exchanging of any physical item in or out of the wards. I promise, he's perfectly healthy. And he really does love your gift."</p>
<p>Draco looked both mollified and slightly disappointed. She supposed he might appreciate the chance to have Rigel come back sooner, regardless of the circumstances.</p>
<p>The door to the walkway opened and six fiery-haired Weasleys poured jubilantly into the box.</p>
<p>"There you are, Arthur!" Sirius exclaimed. He greeted the older man with a fiercely fond embrace. "Planning on missing the opening ceremony?"</p>
<p>"Heard a rumor they'd lost the Bulgarian delegation and had to postpone," Mr. Weasley said, chuckling wryly. "I thought the less time my animals were let loose in here the better for everyone." They turned to see the twins pretending to push Percy over the front lip of the box and Mr. Weasley winced. Turning with visible effort away from the sight, he greeted the Malfoys with stiff courtesy. "Lord Malfoy. Lady Malfoy. Good evening."</p>
<p>"Weasley," Mr. Malfoy returned. After a lengthy pause, he added, almost laughably insincere, "So good of you to come."</p>
<p>"Wouldn't miss it," Mr. Weasley said. His voice was painfully upbeat.</p>
<p>"You almost did, though," James put in cheerfully. "How <em>do</em> you lose an entire delegation of foreign dignitaries?"</p>
<p>"You'll have to ask Ludo when he gets here," Mr. Weasley said, shaking his head with exasperation. "He seemed under the impression that Crouch was minding them, but when we saw Crouch he was looking everywhere for Ludo. Said he was supposed to bring the Bulgarian officials to the players' tents for a meet and greet, but never showed."</p>
<p>Harry exchanged a look with Draco. "Not very organized, are they?" she commented quietly.</p>
<p>Draco turned away from the adults' conversation with an unimpressed huff. "The Ministry couldn't organize a picnic for ants."</p>
<p>"Aren't all picnics for ants?" Ginny plopped down on Draco's other side and gave him a sarcastic smile when he frowned at her.</p>
<p>"From the ants' point of view, maybe," Ron sat in the row behind them and was quickly joined by Percy, who put Ron pointedly between himself and the twins. Fred and George seemed unaffected by his show of mistrust, and opted to stand at the wooden railing and look over the field instead of sitting.</p>
<p>"I'm surrounded by Gryffindors," Draco muttered.</p>
<p>"It's probably not contagious," Ginny said blithely. "Unless you're allergic to fun."</p>
<p>"I'm allergic to nonsense." Draco sniffed.</p>
<p>"You do seem to be coming down with something," Harry said, blinking with affected concern at his complexion.</p>
<p>Draco shot her a betrayed look. "You're one of them."</p>
<p>"So are you," she said earnestly. "You just don't know it yet."</p>
<p>Draco's expression of suppressed horror was enough to send both Harry and Ginny into poorly muffled laughter. Just when she thought perhaps the blond pureblood was going to abandon his aloof demeanor and crack a smile, his father called him away.</p>
<p>"Draco, come and meet the Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation," Mr. Malfoy said, gesturing to a man with salt and pepper hair and a greying mustache who had just entered the box. A younger man closer to her father's age with a heavy likeness to the first man trailed his footsteps somewhat slowly.</p>
<p>"That's Mr. Crouch," Ginny said quietly to Harry, leaning slightly closer to keep the men on the other side of the box from overhearing and gesturing to the older man with her eyes. "He's a sour old geezer, but he planned this entire thing almost singlehandedly."</p>
<p>"I thought the tournament was Mr. Bagman's department," Harry commented.</p>
<p>"If you'd ever met Bagman, you'd know he isn't exactly the planning sort," Ginny said, caustically admiring as only she could be. "He's personable enough, and he raised a dragon ton of Galleons in some way or another, of course, but Crouch is the brains behind the whole operation."</p>
<p>"You make it sound sordid," Harry said, shaking her head wryly.</p>
<p>"You haven't seen the Veela yet." Ginny's face smoothed into something deadpan.</p>
<p>Harry rather hoped she was joking. They couldn't have actually contracted Veela for the event… could they?</p>
<p>"Barty! There you are!" Ludo Bagman himself positively steamed into the box, the overwhelming force of his personality enough to nearly eclipse the dozen others who entered in his wake. "I've tracked down the Bulgarian party, as you can see." He gestured grandly to the burgundy-draped wizards as though they were a set of chessmen he'd stumbled across at an antique shop rather than a group of highly distinguished witches and wizards representing the entirety of Magical Bulgaria. "With your leave I do believe we are ready to begin—hang on. Where's Minister Fudge?"</p>
<p>"He left in search of you, not long ago," James relayed. Smiling politely, he offered his hand to one of the Bulgarian delegation members and said, "Welcome, friend. I am Lord Potter, and this is my wife, Lily. Lord Malfoy is—"</p>
<p>"Don't bother, old boy," Bagman said, shaking his head. "They can't speak a word of English. You may as well be talking to the air."</p>
<p>James frowned thoughtfully, still shaking the hands of the Bulgarian party one after another. "I'm afraid I don't speak any Bulgarian."</p>
<p>"Why would you?" Bagman sighed. "I'm quite prepared to hand them off to you, Crouch, if you don't mind. I do have a game to kick off, after all."</p>
<p>Crouch bristled, visibly grasping for poise. "I hate to inform you of your duties again, Ludo, but as Head of the Department for Magical Games and Sports it falls in your purview to…"</p>
<p>Harry stopped listening and turned back around in her seat. It was almost embarrassing to listen to elected officials bluster like schoolboys. Draco rejoined them not long after, a disturbed look on his face. At Harry's mildly questioning glance he muttered, "I can see why Crouch never talks about his son."</p>
<p>Harry rolled her neck as though stretching it and subtly took another glance at the man who'd followed Mr. Crouch into the box. Her earlier impression of an average-looking male in his late thirties wasn't far off. He had a forgettable face, though the expression on it…</p>
<p>"Why does he keep licking his lips?" she asked, sotto voce.</p>
<p>"Because he's twitchy and weird," Draco said, wrinkling his nose in distaste. "I swear to Salazar, all politicians have creepy children." He shuddered in remembrance and she supposed he was imagining the infamous Miss Fudge.</p>
<p>"Your dad's sort of a politician, isn't he?" Ginny commented. The implication was there in her smile.</p>
<p>"Why didn't your parents drown you at birth?" Draco asked, almost conversationally. "Surely six children is enough for even the most industrious of population-crisis cultist."</p>
<p>"Such jealousy is a bit petty among friends, don't you think?" Ginny said sweetly. "I know I'm the seventh child of a seventh-born child and your family hasn't had more than two children a generation in over a century, but there's no need to let it affect our relationship."</p>
<p>Draco actually stared at the redheaded girl for a long moment before replying. "I'm not sure where to begin. We are not friends. We do not have a relationship. You're the seventh born of a line so tainted by Muggle blood you might as well be <em>Americans</em>, and my family <em>doesn't need to have seven children before one turns out to be magically capable</em>—"</p>
<p>"Let's go talk to your parents, Draco," Harry said quickly, cutting the boy off mid-rant and hoisting him up by an elbow.</p>
<p>"So you admit I'm magically capable?" Ginny called after them.</p>
<p>Harry sent Ginny a look that said <em>you are not helping</em> and firmly prevented Draco from whirling back around to argue with the younger girl. "You really shouldn't let her rile you like that. What would Pansy say?"</p>
<p>"<em>I</em> know what Pansy would say," Draco said, frowning at her. "But how would <em>you</em> know?"</p>
<p>Harry rolled her eyes. "Haven't I told you Rigel tells me everything?"</p>
<p>"Why does he keep secrets from us and not from you?" Draco complained as she led him toward the table of refreshments.</p>
<p>"Maybe because I don't pester him about said secrets," Harry suggested wryly. "The surest way to make Rigel clam up is to appear interested in his life in any way." She paused as it occurred to her that she was currently giving her friend advice on how to undermine her own boundaries. What was her life coming to?</p>
<p>They poured themselves drinks from a bowl of green-colored punch. Crouch's son was loitering near the table as well, but he didn't look interested in partaking of anything. He had adopted a rather closed off posture of crossed arms and downturned chin and was somewhat sullenly observing everything around him through hooded eyelids that flickered restlessly. She wondered if he was uncomfortable in social settings, annoyed at his father's frequent troubled looks in his direction, or just didn't like Quidditch that much. Whatever his affliction, she'd seen teenagers less petulant. It was unbecoming on a man his age.</p>
<p>Lily was now attempting to smooth things over with the Bulgarian delegation. In delicately accented French, she welcomed them to the event, introduced everyone of import in the box, and apologized for their Minister's absence. When the Bulgarian Minister of Magic exclaimed in French, "Finally I meet an Eengleshman with an appreciation for culture!" Mr. Crouch's ears turned red. He stuttered out in broken French that he had not thought the Bulgarians would speak any language other than their own. "And why would we not?" the Bulgarian Minister replied haughtily, his French nearly textbook. He then devolved into a long string of what sounded like Italian.</p>
<p>Narcissa Malfoy smoothly took up the conversation, shortly followed by, to Harry's mild surprise, Sirius. Apparently the last generation of Blacks had exposed their children to Italian for enough years that a grasp of the language followed them into adulthood.</p>
<p>"Mother likes to spend a month in Venice with Aunt Bella every spring," Draco told Harry quietly.</p>
<p>She wondered whether her curiosity had been palpable to him. "Perhaps this year she should invite the Head of the Department for International Cooperation," she murmured back. Crouch was now fumbling through a few disjointed sentences in choppy Italian, but it was obvious he was not entirely sure what he was saying.</p>
<p>"It is a bit embarrassing," Draco admitted, talking beneath his breath so the man's son wouldn't overhear them.</p>
<p>They heard the man snort derisively beside them nevertheless and she glanced his way to see the flicker of a sneer twist his already twitchy mouth. She didn't know if it was directed at them or at his father, whose neck was now turning red as well as his ears. Regardless, she and Draco exchanged a look and agreed silently to return to their seats with measured haste.</p>
<p>"Done making pretty with the politicians, Harry?" Fred asked as she reached her seat and discovered him lounging in it irreverently.</p>
<p>"Why? Got a better offer?" she asked, nudging his legs so she had room to walk past him to the seat on his other side.</p>
<p>"For you?" Fred waggled his eyebrows in a way that made him look incredibly foolish. "Always."</p>
<p>"I bet you say that to all your distractions." She pouted, flicking her eyes at George, who was sneaking up behind an unsuspecting Draco in a manner most sly.</p>
<p>Draco whirled and George put his wand away so smoothly even Harry doubted whether he'd had it out. "Malfoy," he said cheerfully, putting a proprietary hand on the aristocrat's arm and maneuvering him into the seat on Fred's left. Draco muttered something uncomplimentary about Gryffindors manhandling him but did not seem to realize he'd allowed himself to be cornered until George plopped down on his left and turned to him with a shark-like grin.</p>
<p>"Says something that the witches are the only ones pulling their weight in international relations, doesn't it?" Fred said airily, drawing Draco's attention from George's predatory expression.</p>
<p>Draco stole a glance at the adults before saying, in a quietly superior voice, "My father speaks both French and Italian, actually. Spanish, too, and a smattering of German. He's just not foolish enough to volunteer as translator for the rest of the match."</p>
<p>"And your mother is?" George asked teasingly.</p>
<p>"Mother is enjoying making the officials look foolish," Draco admitted easily.</p>
<p>"I daresay she'll look pretty foolish herself when it turns out the Bulgarian officials speak English in the first place," Fred said, laughing.</p>
<p>Draco looked scandalized. "They can't possibly. They wouldn't risk insulting the British Ministry like that."</p>
<p>"Ten Galleons say they would." George grinned at the scowling pureblood.</p>
<p>"You're way off," Draco said stoutly.</p>
<p>"Care to put gold on that assumption?" Fred tilted his head in a silent challenge.</p>
<p>Draco looked back and forth between the two of them. There was a frown on his forehead that said he knew something was wrong, but he stepped into the neatly laid trap nonetheless. "Can you even afford such a bet, Weasley?"</p>
<p>"We'll make it an even hundred, if you only play for high stakes, little Drakey," George said, his tone indicating that he expected Draco to decline such an outrageous figure.</p>
<p>Draco, the proud idiot, said, "It's nothing to me, but what will <em>you</em> put up as collateral?"</p>
<p>"A hundred-Galleon idea," Fred said. He whipped out a piece of parchment and unrolled it before Draco's eyes. "This, my young snake, is a one-of-a-kind invention by yours truly. Guaranteed to make you a clean Knut at any honest purveyor of pranking goods."</p>
<p>Harry silently willed Draco to realize he was being maneuvered. He ought to know that the Weasley twins couldn't afford such a bet, and therefore wouldn't be making it unless they thought it a sure thing. The fact that they had such a blueprint on hand was also incredibly suspicious. Draco, however, was studying the parchment with interest. With a haughty sniff, he smiled at Fred and said, "Very well, Weasley. If the invention doesn't mean that much to you, I'll take your outlandish wager."</p>
<p>"Wicked," the twins chorused. Fred and George appropriated a hand each and proceeded to shake Draco between them.</p>
<p>"Idiots." Percy scoffed from the row behind them.</p>
<p>"What's that, Percy?" Fred pretended to cup his ear in confusion. "You <em>don't</em> want us to spend part of our winnings on a new family owl so Errol stops embarrassing you at work? Don't worry. We wont."</p>
<p>Percy's ears turned red and he rose with an annoyed huff. He stalked off to stand near Mr. Crouch's son. She wasn't sure which of them appeared more peeved at being there.</p>
<p>"WELCOME! WELCOME, ONE AND ALL, TO THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP!"</p>
<p>Bagman's magically amplified voice rang out through every corner of the stadium. A roar of approval followed his pronouncement; the crowd was so loud in its excitement that Harry could almost feel the spells surrounding the Top Box struggling to keep the noise from overwhelming them. The dampening charms held, but Harry suspected that was due to the incredible integrity of their magic, not the spectators' lack of trying.</p>
<p>The adults meandered to their seats and Harry left her friends to sit beside her family. A clap of thunder shook the coliseum and the whoosh of wind that followed in its wake wasn't wind at all—it was the sound of dozens of the world's fastest racing brooms all whooshing past them at once. The teams had taken the pitch. They zoomed past in green and burgundy comets, and it took Harry a moment of focusing the clear-sight spells on her glasses to see that it wasn't just their speed making them look like shooting stars: the tails of the players' broomsticks were emitting clouds of colored smoke that hung suspended behind them. As she watched, some of the riders slowed enough to write words with their bright trails.</p>
<p>Well, perhaps 'words' was a bit generous. The Bulgarian players appeared to be coordinating their efforts to draw a picture of the Irish team captain in an unlikely position with a goat.</p>
<p>"That better not make the front page," Fudge groaned from the row behind Harry. She stifled a laugh at the thought of the red smoke drawing prominently featured on every <em>Prophet</em> in London.</p>
<p>The riders in green responded by twisting through the crimson fog in a series of acrobatic stunts, both distorting the offensive picture and recapturing the crowd's attention with their spectacular moves. The Bulgarian riders soon followed suit and the audience cheered as each successive trick escalated in skill and recklessness.</p>
<p>"Which one is Krum?" Percy asked Ginny on the other side of the box.</p>
<p>"None of them, obviously," Ron said loudly, rolling his eyes a bit at his older brother. "These are only the trick riders. You wouldn't waste the real players on stunts like this right before a match!"</p>
<p>Whatever Percy was going to say in response was lost in the roar that came next. The crowd had noticed the Irish mascots pouring onto the pitch. Like a green tide rolling into the stadium, a flock of locust-like creatures flooded the field. They were leprechauns, and there must have been thousands of them. Harry's eyes widened as she mentally calculated the number of known leprechaun settlements still in existence and the approximate population statistics listed in the <em>Compendium of Creatures</em> back in Potter Manor. Had the entertainment coordinators rounded up every last leprechaun in existence? No, they couldn't have, she realized after peering a little closer through her magnified lenses. The diminutive green beings below were all male.</p>
<p>They rose into the air en masse, held aloft by some magic of their own making, and began making rounds of the stadium, like a great green thundercloud. From the storm of leprechauns there rained down thousands of glittering gold pieces into the waiting hands of witches and wizards below.</p>
<p>Harry brought her hand up automatically to catch a coin that came toward her face, plucking it from the air and examining it curiously. It looked just like a Galleon. Except it couldn't be. The goblin nation didn't give gold to creatures not classified as beings. She looked toward her parents in confusion. "Do the goblins know the leprechauns are single-handedly destabilizing the magical economy tonight?" she asked, mildly concerned.</p>
<p>Lily laughed at her and held up a coin between her fingers. "These aren't real Galleons, Harry."</p>
<p>"I know," she said. "That's sort of the problem." She was imagining the damage this amount of fake currency inserted into the international Wizarding community could do in a relatively short period of time. Inflation, for starters, and probably—</p>
<p>"It's leprechaun gold, Harry," James said, smiling reassuringly. "It disappears in a few hours."</p>
<p>She nodded her understanding, noticing from the corner of her eye that the Weasley children were looking abruptly less enthused about the coins they'd collected. The disappointment was temporary, however, and quickly forgotten in the wake of what happened next.</p>
<p>"What… what are <em>those?</em>"</p>
<p>The question rippled through the box, echoing the murmurs ripping through the stadium as a whole. The noise level dipped abruptly as thousands of people stopped what they were doing and just… <em>stared</em>. There was something happening down below them, something <em>beautiful</em>.</p>
<p>Harry felt herself stand to get a closer look, but no matter how close she came to the edge of the box, she couldn't see clearly enough. There was a haze over her eyes, such that she didn't even know what she was looking at. She just knew that it was wonderful.</p>
<p>No, that wasn't right. Her mind was itching, a familiar feeling that drew her back from the edge of some precipice and sharpened her consciousness into fighting back. She slammed mental defenses into place, willing her senses to dull and reason to take hold once more. She thought she heard the distant sound of laughter and supposed the Dominion Jewel was enjoying her disorientation. When she came back to herself fully, she was gripping the railing with both hands, staring down with dry eyes at a formation of lovely women with white-gold hair and sinuous forms dancing in a way that was something like what Rispah's ladies had put together for the alley tournament, and yet nothing like it at the same time.</p>
<p>She pulled her eyes away to see chaos raging everywhere else in the stadium. The pitch had been overrun by witches and wizards alike, all of whom were desperately trying to get closer to the dancing women—no, she realized after a moment of rational thought; not women. Veela.</p>
<p>She slowly stepped away from the box's ledge and looked around for her parents. They were sitting calmly in their seats—too calmly, in fact. Their eyes were vacant and their expressions slack. She took a worried step toward them before noticing Sirius had his wand out and pointed at his friends. When he noticed Harry approaching, he grimaced. "All right, there?"</p>
<p>She nodded. "What are you doing to them?"</p>
<p>"Bit of a counter-trance, if you will," Sirius said distractedly. After a few delicate passes with his wand, he put it away and watched with a satisfied smile as Lily and James blinked and looked around. Their expressions were confused, but focused.</p>
<p>"What on earth?" James muttered, gripping Lily's hand with a frown. He took in the spectacle occurring on the pitch and stood with a groan. "Bloody Veela." He rushed toward the Minister of Magic, who was standing on tiptoe and waving merrily to the magical beings below. James shot a spell at the Minister that had him stumbling backwards and shaking his head sharply, pawing at his ears.</p>
<p>"Thank you, Sirius," Lily said, drawing Harry's attention back to her uncle.</p>
<p>Sirius shrugged. "It's a bitch if you don't know the thrall is coming, eh?"</p>
<p>"How did you fight it off so quickly?" Harry asked, impressed.</p>
<p>"Dated a Veela once," Sirius said, a devilish grin on his face. "Had to learn to resist it if I wanted any say in the relationship. Doesn't affect me at all anymore."</p>
<p>Harry looked around at the box, which was still full of people practically falling over one another to reach the railing for a better view. "They're going to start climbing over that in a moment," she said fearfully, eyeing Ron in particular. "What do we do?"</p>
<p>"Watch your father," Lily said, indicating James, who was leaving officials clutching at their ears in his wake. "If you block the ears, it helps a person fight off the influence."</p>
<p>"I can't hear their singing, though," Harry said, frowning.</p>
<p>"The sound they give off is not at a pitch your mind can make sense of, but the magic still gets in through the ears," Lily explained. "Go help your friends, won't you, Harry? I'll ask Mr. Bagman if he can't get the mascots under control."</p>
<p>Harry picked her way toward the Weasleys, noting with a small amount of humor that Mr. Weasley appeared unaffected by the Veela, but was nevertheless having a good laugh at his children's expense even as he subtly prevented them from doing anything too dangerous.</p>
<p>Her amusement fled when she saw Draco. The blond was hunched over in his seat, clutching his head between his hands. He hadn't been hit with one of her father's ear-ringing jinxes, though. His face was screwed up in acute pain and sweat beaded on his forehead and neck. It was his empathy, she realized with growing horror. It was overwhelming him with so many people gone effectively mad in such close quarters. While the spells on the box would likely diminish the emotions he felt from the crowd as a whole, there were still far too many people within the Top Box currently out of their minds with dazed lust and extreme disorientation.</p>
<p>She looked around for his parents, but Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy were still struggling to throw off the influence themselves. Mr. Malfoy looked largely clearheaded, but his attention was on bringing his wife back to full self-awareness and he hadn't noticed his son's predicament.</p>
<p>Harry sank onto the floor in front of Draco and put her hands over his ears gently. He flinched away from her but she caught him with a sharp, "<em>Shh</em>." He froze as she bent her will toward consolidating her own emotions in a near-meditative state of calm. "Focus on me, Draco. Can you tell where my edges are? Let my emotions block the rest out, then find the part that's you." It was a technique they'd often used to separate Draco from his gift, back before he'd gained a marked control over its filtering.</p>
<p>His shoulders trembled slightly but his breath slowed and after a long pause the tendons in his neck relaxed. It was only a minute more before he lifted his head and assumed a posture that was almost normal. "My parents," he said. She could tell he meant it to be a question, but he was still a bit removed from reality.</p>
<p>"They're fine," she said, still projecting the same steady calm. She lowered her hands from his head and rose to sit in the chair beside him, affecting casualness for the sake of his dignity. She glanced at Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy and saw that they were observing her sharply from across the box. She smiled reassuringly. They did not smile back, but neither did they come to remove Draco from her presence. No doubt they realized that if she didn't know about Draco's gift already, their coming over to panic over him would give something significant away.</p>
<p>"What. Happened." His voice was mildly irritated—a sure sign that he was coming back to himself quickly.</p>
<p>"The Veela enthralled everyone," Harry said. At his confused frown, she realized Draco had never even seen the beautiful beings. He'd been crippled by the collective emotions of those around him before he knew what was happening. "Bulgaria's mascots," she clarified. "Most people weren't expecting them, it seems."</p>
<p>She did glance over at Ginny, who was smiling a bit too smugly at the chaotic scene below them, and wonder how the girl had known there would be Veela when even the Minister was taken by surprise. Mr. Weasley must have been prepared for them, too, for him to be so unaffected. Perhaps Mr. Bagman had told him something and Ginny had overheard. Harry supposed Ginny's Occlumency must be fairly progressed for her to remain in control of her faculties, even considering that she may have been expecting the assault.</p>
<p>"Whose idiotic idea was that?" Draco sneered. Harry had to smile at that. She was privately wondering the same thing.</p>
<p>By then, most everyone in the Top Box had regained their composure and those not utterly outraged by the turn of events were chuckling with self-deprecating humor and applauding the still-dancing Veela with bemused appreciation.</p>
<p>Mr. Crouch was speaking harshly with Mr. Bagman, who had his hands spread in the universal gesture conveying 'Well, what do you want me to do about it?'</p>
<p>Harry's father sent a stag patronus galloping down toward the pitch, where efforts were being mounted to persuade the Veela to stop dancing while simultaneously corralling those spectators still swarming from the stands.</p>
<p>"And the game hasn't even started yet," she muttered, amazed that wizards could be simultaneously coordinated enough to put together an event of such magnitude and yet still so disorganized where it counted.</p>
<p>James had Mr. Bagman over the Sonorous Charm now, attempting to calm the crowd. After a few unheeded platitudes from the Head of Magical Games and Sports, her father simply cast a spell that caused a tone like a broken radio to emit from his wand and into the Sonorous Charm.</p>
<p>Witches and wizards everywhere fell to their knees and clutched at their heads in pain, but the dazed and desperate atmosphere that had filled the stadium dissipated like fog in the wake of a sharp wind. Harry winced, clutching her own ears as reality settled into focus for those around her once again. Down on the pitch, the Veela were being escorted from the stadium by scores of security wizards with what looked like metal earmuffs on.</p>
<p>The Veela didn't go quietly. They summoned fireballs from their hands and shot them off irritably at the security team. The fire only singed at the wizards' coats, so Harry supposed the Veela weren't really trying to hurt them. She had read that, in their bird forms, Veela could create fire that burned nearly as hot as Dragon fire, and had to wonder again who had possibly thought it was a good idea to concentrate so many of them into a stadium of this size, much less without setting proper filtering wards in place around the stands.</p>
<p>"Well, now, wasn't that exciting?" Bagman said, laughing in a somewhat forced manner to the box at large. "Ahem. About time we got the game going, yes?"</p>
<p>"Just get the players out here before the leprechauns start up again," Crouch said, rubbing his temples.</p>
<p>"Right." Bagman cleared his throat before renewing the Sonorous Charm. "AND NOW: THE TEAMS!"</p>
<p>All mayhem was forgotten as the crowd refocused on the actual reason they were there. Cheers went up and spectators regained their seats as the Irish national team was called forth from their box.</p>
<p>"HERE'S RYAN! QUIGLEY! CONNOLLY! TROY! MULLET! MORAN! AANNNNND LYNCH!"</p>
<p>The Irish players burst through the dense fireball smoke the Veela had left in their wake, flying in a tight formation that marked them as seasoned professionals, well trained and stylistically compatible.</p>
<p>"IVANOVA! DIMITROV! LEVSKI! VOLKOV! VUNCHANOV! ZOGRAF! AAAAAAAANNNNND KRUUUM!"</p>
<p>The tenor of roaring from the crowd changed pitch noticeably. Harry didn't follow international Quidditch very closely, but even she knew that Victor Krum was the youngest Seeker to play on a national team in well over a century. She had heard he was still in school but had also heard he was eighteen so she wasn't sure how that could be true. However old he was, he was undeniably the crowd favorite. Even some of the Irish spectators seemed to be enamored with his legend.</p>
<p>Ron whooped in encouragement when the Bulgarian teen dove spectacularly, the steepness of his decent appearing more like a plummet than a controlled swoop until the professional player pulled up in a graceful twist that she was certain required more effort to pull off than the smooth way Krum executed it implied.</p>
<p>To tumultuous applause, the teams took their starting positions above the rather meek-looking referee. She zoomed her omnioculars in on the little man with some amusement; he didn't look as though he'd have the constitution for a professional match of any length of time. Did the officials not expect a long final? Perhaps Krum was just that good.</p>
<p>The match kicked off with a cyclone of movement. The first few moments of a Quidditch match were always dreadfully disorienting, but this was something else. She could only follow so many of the players at once, but what she could see looked like someone playing a masters game of wizard chess at high speed. Maneuvers and counter-maneuvers passed before her eyes so quickly that sometimes she discerned the result before the strategy and had to reverse-engineer the plays in her head with an awe that likely only scratched the surface of what a consummate fan would be able to appreciate.</p>
<p>It became clear early on that the Irish team outmatched the Bulgarians in nearly every way. Their Chasers were a seamless wall of talent, steamrolling past the poor opposing Keeper in play after play. The Bulgarian Chasers were no slouches, but they always seemed to be a beat behind the relentless pace the Irish set. Ireland's Beaters, too, monopolized the Bludgers fiercely, though she noted the Bulgarian Beaters were significantly faster to attack their targets on the rare occasion they stole control of the balls. They were also considerably more pitiless in choosing said targets. It was not twenty minutes in before a substitute Keeper had to be brought on for Ireland, their starting player having suffered a punishing break to his left clavicle in a hit that knocked him clear off his broom.</p>
<p>"Oh, not Bliggly," Ron moaned, both hands tugging at his hair agitatedly. "He can't track overhead shots for his life."</p>
<p>Even if that was true, it didn't seem to matter to the Irish: they never let the Bulgarians have the Quaffle long enough to make a decent attempt on goal in any case. The score climbed higher in Ireland's favor and the Bulgarian fans gradually focused more and more of their attention on their Seeker. The young player's name spilled out in an almost continuous chant as play escalated, though the focused way the Bulgarian Seeker played suggested he didn't notice. She didn't know a ton about the specific strategies associated with Seeking, but to Harry his search pattern seemed erratic. Sometimes he doubled back over the same ground twice or three times before moving onto other areas of the pitch.</p>
<p>She was not the only one who noticed. "Why isn't he going about it more systematically?" Ginny asked, poking Ron in the side until he deigned to pull his eyes from the pitch and glance her way.</p>
<p>"He's Krum, he can do what he wants," Ron said dismissively, turning back to the match eagerly.</p>
<p>Ginny huffed at the non-explanation, but a moment later Draco of all people spoke up from his seat and said, "It's because Lynch is shadowing him. He wants space to maneuver, so he's purposefully disregarding accepted search patterns in the hopes that Lynch will leave off in favor of making his own grid."</p>
<p>"It isn't working," Ginny noted wryly. Lynch was so close behind Krum he could probably count the hairs on the back of the young man's neck.</p>
<p>Draco nodded. "He'll have to try something else soon, or put Lynch in a place his Beaters can—"</p>
<p>He broke off as the crowd gasped collectively. Krum was diving, a dive so much faster than the one he'd displayed at the beginning of the match that it was clear he'd only been warming up before. Lynch tore after him, reckless in his need to close the distance between them. Harry searched the area before them with her omnioculars, but couldn't see the gold flicker that would confirm a sighting of the Snitch.</p>
<p>"It's a feint!" Fred said suddenly.</p>
<p>"How do you know?" Percy demanded.</p>
<p>"He isn't adjusting course as he dives," George said, grinning with excitement. "The Snitch moves constantly—you'd have to make minor adjustments to follow its trajectory even if it stayed in the same relative place."</p>
<p>They were right, Harry realized, watching Krum closely. In her lenses she could see the expression of concentration on his face, but his eyes weren't fixed on anything but the ground. Unless the Snitch had lost its flight spells and was lying motionless in the grass, he was feinting.</p>
<p>They waited for him to veer off, to pull up, but he didn't. The two players plunged toward the earth with deadly speed. "They're going to crash!" Ginny cried. She seemed more excited than dismayed at this prospect.</p>
<p>"Lynch is," Ron said, grimacing.</p>
<p>Draco nodded distractedly, but the rest of them were too entranced by the scene before them to offer any more commentary. The Seekers were seconds from crashing, falling faster than gravity, and Harry thought surely Lynch would realize, this close to the ground, that they weren't chasing anything after all. His attention seemed to be completely focused on keeping pace with Krum, however. Didn't he see the ground coming up to meet him?</p>
<p>There was a sickening crunch as Lynch attempted to abandon his dive too late and careened into the dirt in a spray of grass and splinters. Krum, on the other hand, spun out of the dive with a move like a corkscrew, turning his downward momentum into a spiral that carried him parallel to the ground until he'd shed enough speed to pull up into the air once more.</p>
<p>Ireland called a timeout as medical personnel rushed onto the field with a stretcher. They would have a few minutes for their medic to patch him up enough to continue or else bring on the reserve Seeker.</p>
<p>Many in the Top Box stood and stretched their legs, some migrating to the refreshment table while others discussed the first part of the match with vigor.</p>
<p>"—waste of a good broom, I'd say," Sirius was saying cheerfully to James and Lily.</p>
<p>"—not going to matter if Bulgaria can't score with the Quaffle!" Ron and Draco were in a heated debate over the outcome of the match, with Fred and George egging each on in turn with ridiculous irregularity.</p>
<p>Crouch was attempting to draw the Bulgarian delegation into a conversation by praising Krum's performance in rudimentary French. He seemed somehow oblivious to the dark glower his son was sending him from his seat, which he hadn't bothered to get up from. Bagman was reading out a series of advertisements over his Sonorous Charm with a bored expression on his face. Fudge conversed happily with the Malfoys, who returned his conversation with somewhat less obvious enjoyment.</p>
<p>A knock on the door preceded one of the security wizards sticking his head in and saying, "A Lord Flint here to see you, Minister."</p>
<p>Sirius looked around with interest and stood as Fudge waved for the pureblooded lord to be allowed in. The dark-haired man swept into the box with an expression of poised indifference, eyes flickering over the company in a way that was neither friendly nor dismissive.</p>
<p>"Good evening, Minister," he said respectfully, sweeping a bow as elegant as any she had seen.</p>
<p>"Flint! Good to see you," Fudge said, coming forward to clasp his hand jovially. "Might have known I'd see you tonight. Where's your boy? Never see you at a game without him." The Minister chuckled and didn't seem to notice the flicker of unease that crossed Flint's expression as he replied.</p>
<p>"Marcus could not get the time off work, unfortunately. Now that he is out of school, I see considerably less of him," Flint Sr. said, his features settling into a study of wistfulness that was, to Harry's eyes, passably convincing.</p>
<p>"They do grow up so fast," Fudge said sympathetically. "Why, my own daughter is approaching her maturity, and I fear she is developing an independent streak a mile wide. But you ought to have brought your wife! I have not seen the lady in ages, it seems."</p>
<p>Flint's smile was regretful, but it did not reach his eyes. "My darling wife is ill and has been for some time, Minister Fudge. She rarely can summon the energy to leave her bed at present. If the Mediwizards do not find some cure soon… I fear for her."</p>
<p>The Minister looked stricken. "Merlin, Flint, I am dreadfully sorry. Please convey to her my sincerest well wishes."</p>
<p>Flint inclined his head gratefully and took a moment to compose his face into something more stoic before turning the subject to more neutral matters. As Sirius stepped forward to greet the wizard he and Archie had often shared Quidditch matches with, Harry marveled at the man's audacity. Was he really going to maintain a fiction of his wife's grave illness until he found her? Or perhaps… she narrowed her eyes and considered the clever way Flint Sr. had laid the ground for grief and sympathy from his fellow wizards. <em>He's going to fake his wife's death, </em>she marveled. It wouldn't be hard, if the knowledge of her supposed illness became common enough.</p>
<p>She suppressed a huff as she turned her eyes away from the spectacle. The galling thing was that if she didn't know any better she might believe him, too. He was fairly convincing, if you weren't looking for a lie. How could someone so normal-seeming hide such terrible secrets? An abusive marriage, a runaway wife, and a son that hated him, and there he stood, bold as brass, making himself out to be the sympathetic party. She was tempted to go and introduce herself, perhaps rudely inquire as to the exact nature of his wife's illness, but she held herself back with the knowledge that Mrs. Flint might in fact be best served by the fiction of her own demise. If Mr. Flint were not concerned with searching for her, she could live the remainder of her life without fear.</p>
<p>It still rankled that his crimes would likely never be revealed or penalized. She knew that this was somewhat hypocritical of her. Who was she to resent another's secret crimes? She, who did not show her true face to the world. She, who hid behind a wall of carefully laid deception and used emotions to her advantage whenever she pleased. She wanted to believe she was different, that she was not hurting others the way Flint Sr. had, but was that strictly true? She was neck deep in lies and could no longer say with confidence that she grasped every consequence to her actions. Could she really count herself so different from Lord Flint?</p>
<p>The play started up again with a wobbly Lynch taking the air on a fresh broom, and those in the box regained their seats. Play resumed in much the same way, but the atmosphere in the Top Box began to liven considerably as the match wore on and the spectators grew somewhat restless. The Weasleys were soon shouting over one another in an effort to make their criticisms and predictions heard, and Draco couldn't hold back the force of his opinions very long before he was obliged to argue them at length between plays. Sirius and James jumped in with their own comments and even Mr. Malfoy was not above a scathing remark when the Irish beaters blundered a good shot.</p>
<p>Despite the eclectic group of people, it was <em>fun</em>. The game seemed to draw them outside of themselves, making everyone forget their social considerations for a little while. All that mattered was the match—for most of them, at least. Harry saw Crouch Jr. stalk out with a scowl after a time, evidentially fed up with the animated atmosphere, as though the good spirits of those around him were personally offensive. Harry didn't dwell on the man for long—she was having too good a time to ruin it by over-analyzing the negativity of one person.</p>
<p>When the Bulgarian Beaters singled out Moran and attempted to remove him entirely from play through a combination of Blurting and Blagging, the crowd roared its disapproval, but no protest was heard more loudly than that of the Weasley twins, who jumped at Ludo Bagman and yelled into his Sonorous Charm, "THAT'S RUBBISH!"</p>
<p>Mr. Weasley looked mortified, his ears a startling shade of red, but then the Bulgarian Minister began laughing loudly and Fudge sent Mr. Weasley a grateful look. He therefore refrained from giving the twins a harsh talking to, but did take out his wand and charm their butts to stick to their seats, which were in turn bolted to the floor, much to the continued amusement of the Bulgarian wizards. She supposed this was more entertaining than the match for them at this point, as the Bulgarian team was losing badly to the Irish Chasers. The score was now 170-10 Ireland, an unrecoverable figure so late in the game as the players were losing steam and pressure increasingly turned to the Seekers to bring the match to a close.</p>
<p>All eyes were on Krum, but it was Lynch who saw the Snitch first. He took off desperately for the golden ball, but the Irish Seeker was in bad shape after multiple collisions and Krum maneuvered right around him to snatch the little thing out of the air. He held it triumphantly as the stadium erupted with noise, smiling grimly as his team congratulated him. Bulgaria had lost, 160-170, but they had ended the game on their terms, at least. Prolonging the match would only have made Ireland's lead more audacious.</p>
<p>The players gathered in the center to shake hands in exhausted good sportsmanship, Lynch even grinning ruefully at Krum and insisting he keep the golden Snitch despite the fact that it was traditionally presented to the winning team. The Irish mascots were somewhat…less graceful in their victory celebration.</p>
<p>The swarm of tiny green creatures raged about the stadium, showering everyone again in fake Galleons and, after several passes, obscuring even the players on the field with the deep green smoke they emitted—<em>wait, that isn't right</em>, she thought. <em>Leprechauns don't emit smoke like that</em>. It wasn't the bright, kelly green of sparklers but a deep, grey-green smog that emanated from nowhere in particular and yet was slowly filling the entire stadium with clouds so thick they seemed the dampen the very energy of the crowd.</p>
<p>"Dad…" Harry said, tugging on James' sleeve without taking her eyes off the darkening smoke. Little crackles of lights were starting to flicker ominously in the center, like quiet lightning. "I don't think that's supposed to be happening."</p>
<p>Her parents turned to look at the rising smoke. "Mr. Bagman," James called over to the official. "Is this smog part of the show?"</p>
<p>Bagman broke off from his conversation with the Minister to crane his head around toward the pitch. "Ah, I'm not really sure… well, no. Not exactly."</p>
<p>James looked toward where Auror Dawlish was standing watch at the door and said, "Get a unit on the pitch to find the source of this smoke."</p>
<p>The Auror left with a nod, and James turned back to examine the smoke with narrowed eyes. Lily put a hand on James's arm uneasily. "Disgruntled fans?" she asked.</p>
<p>"Maybe." James's tone was noncommittal.</p>
<p>Harry didn't think he believed that any more than she did. The smoke was condensing, almost black now in its density. It was garnering notice from the rest of the stands; she could hear the strangely muted sounds of people shouting, though she could no longer see the stands on the other side of the stadium through the smog. The dark smoke writhed abruptly, coalescing into the center of the pitch and roiling.</p>
<p>"It's making some kind of symbol," Lily surmised.</p>
<p>There did appear to be a kind of purpose to the smog's development. After a few moments in which those in the box watched silently, the smoke took on a faintly intelligible shape. It was a skull, with hollowed out spaces of darkness to suggest eyes, nose, and mouth, the later of which was stretched wide in the facsimile of a scream. From the open mouth, more smoke poured, twisting itself into the image of a snake as it stretched outward.</p>
<p>"Whatever is that supposed to be?" Fred asked, a tone of somewhat forced sarcasm biting its way through his words.</p>
<p>George lent deadpan to disgust in answering. "It looks like a corpse sucking on a—"</p>
<p>The head of the smoke skull exploded outward without warning, rocking the stadium in a wave of pure pressurized magic. People who'd been standing hit the deck involuntarily as the stands trembled under the violent pressure. Audible cracks echoed like cannon fire through the air.</p>
<p>"The foundations—" James bit out, but there was no time for anyone to do anything.</p>
<p>In the next moment the snake, the only part of the smoky image that hadn't dissipated with the pressure wave, lashed out. Its tail came down like an anvil to score the pitch in a raking movement that left a trail of charred and decayed grass in its wake. They had only a moment to register the symbol burnt into the pitch—a more sophisticated version of the snake-eating skull—before the snake's tongue whipped like an arc of lightning their way.</p>
<p>The tongue of smoke had the appearance of intangibility, yet it connected with the wards around the Top Box like several tons of heated steel. The protective magic held for a second, then buckled ominously. James dove toward the Minister of Magic—the obvious target of the precision attack—and Lily pulled Harry bodily to the ground with a strength she'd had no idea her mother possessed. Even braced between the rows of seats, Harry felt it in her bones when the shielding wards shattered and the remnants of the attack connected with the box itself.</p>
<p>The crunching blow that followed took her breath away. She felt the stabilizing charms go next under the strain of damage done to the box's infrastructure. The box began to sway. Harry experienced a lightheaded sense of disorientation not unlike the vertigo that set in at the top of a very high tree on a windy day.</p>
<p>As soon as she gathered her feet, Harry stood to survey the damage done. There was a gaping hole where the center of the railing used to be. Politicians and dignitaries were strung like discarded dolls about the box, but other than one wizard who was nursing a gash to his left elbow there didn't seem to be any injuries beyond bruises.</p>
<p>She took a single step toward the injured man, a half-formed idea of healing him in her mind, but lost her footing as the box groaned and swayed drunkenly beneath her. Even as she grabbed for a handhold, she heard the roar of wood giving way to failed engineering and gravity.</p>
<p>The Top Box split down the middle with a sickening squeal and half of what once had been a level surface became a broken incline with a gaping chasm at its conclusion. The other side of the box remained in place, but was in the space of moments several feet above them. She could see the horrified faces of those on the other half of the split, Ron and Percy's included, as her side fell sharply down and away. Harry was closer to the breakpoint than she was comfortable with, but her reflexes were catching up to her shock and quickly suppressing it to functional levels. She braced bent legs on either side of the aisle she was in, keeping her back flat against the incline even as it began trembling against the laws of physics to remain aloft.</p>
<p>Levering herself carefully upwards to see over the rows of slanted chairs, Harry spotted her mother further up the incline, looking down at her fearfully even as she hooked her arm between two chair legs still bolted to the platform. "Harry," she called unsteadily. "Are you all right?"</p>
<p>Harry nodded her head and gestured to where James was struggling to hold a panicking Fudge a couple rows over. "Help Dad," she called back. "I'm—"</p>
<p>"Ginny!" Mr. Weasley's frantic shout drew Harry's head around with a snap. The man was struggling to find a way down from the elevated edge of the broken box, which jutted out over their side like a cliff, but there was a good six feet between the intact half and the half Harry was on. Any attempt to jump down would likely result in a roll off the broken end to whatever gut-wrenching fall waited below. She spared a moment to pray that there hadn't been anyone directly below the box when it cracked in two, then refocused on what she could do now.</p>
<p>Harry adjusted her footholds so that she was nearly standing between the chairs, leaning sharply away from the incline to keep her balance. Ginny was in the front row, lying flat against the sloped platform, so close to the end that her feet dangled over open air. She held onto a chair leg with her left arm, but her right dangled at such an angle that Harry knew immediately it was broken. The girl's face was pale and she panted visibly against the pain she was in.</p>
<p>Fred and George were two seats left of their sister, and had somehow managed to remain sitting upright despite the shocks that had sent everyone else sprawling—no, she realized, they were still affected by the Sticking Charm Mr. Weasley had put on them earlier. She eyed the empty space where the railing had once been in front of them and decided those charms had probably saved their lives. Now, however, they were rendered incapable of moving to pull their sister away from the edge.</p>
<p>Harry grasped the chair to her left firmly and kicked off with her right foot to hoist her leg over until she was straddling it. Thus positioned, she relinquished one of her handholds to retrieve her wand from an inside pocket. If she could get a clear line of sight to the girl, she could levitate her out of harm's way. Before she'd got through half the incantation, however, Ginny was already moving. The redhead screamed as her legs and torso became airborne, but she wasn't sliding—she was floating. Someone else had the same idea Harry had. She looked around, but no one else on the broken side of the box had their wands out.</p>
<p>"Let go, idiot!"</p>
<p>Harry whipped her head up toward the ledge above them, where Draco's head and torso glared down at them. His hand held a wand steady on Ginny's partially floated form with white knuckles. Ginny seemed to hear him, but couldn't move her head around to see well enough to be comforted; she hesitated on letting go of her desperate hold on the chair. Harry shuffled down a chair until she came into Ginny's line of sight and called, "It's all right, Ginny! We've got you!"</p>
<p>She added her levitation charm to Draco's; she trusted the blond boy, but lifting a human body with the spell was more difficult than he likely knew. Ginny let go with a tremulous gasp of fear and squeezed her eyes shut as her body left the angled floor entirely. Harry kept a steady flow of power to support the girl's weight and let Draco control the motion on his end. The pureblooded boy was a study in concentration as he guided Ginny up the remaining feet to the intact half of the box.</p>
<p>Harry let her levitation charm drop and scanned about her for any more pressing disasters. Seeing no one in immediate danger of falling, she hefted herself nimbly over another row until she could reach the twins. "All right, there?" she asked, breathing somewhat heavily with exertion.</p>
<p>Fred scowled down at the chair he was stuck to. "We don't know the countercharm," he growled, attempting to hurl himself out of the seat without success.</p>
<p>George put a hand on his brother's shoulder with grim patience. "Don't do that, Freddie—only think what would happen if you succeeded."</p>
<p>Fred looked at the gaping lack of railing in front of him and swallowed. "Right. Well, do we saw our arses off or what?"</p>
<p>"Can't your father cancel it from where he is?" Harry asked, peering up toward where Mr. Weasley was attempting to split his attention between Ginny and the twins.</p>
<p>"Broke his wand, I think," George said. "Saw him toss it aside when it didn't work before he tried to climb down to us."</p>
<p>Harry didn't know the countercharm for a sticking spell either. But she knew someone who did. "Sirius!" she yelled, looking around for the dark-haired wizard.</p>
<p>"Over here, Harry!" It was her mother. She was wedged in a kneeling position near James and the Minister, and on the slanted floor between them was Sirius, looking very much unconscious.</p>
<p>"Sirius?" she said again, her voice less firm. There was blood about his head, fresh and glistening.</p>
<p>"He'll be okay," Lily called. There was a confidence in her voice that was reassuring. "Can you three make it over here? We'll starting levitating you up to the others."</p>
<p>Harry shook her head. "We need the counter to the Sticking Charm," she told them, gesturing to Fred and George's predicament.</p>
<p>"I'll do it," James said, holding the Minister down even as he shifted himself up to get a clear sightline. "Tell me when you're ready." The twins quickly grasped the arms of their chairs and braced their legs for the release. Harry sent a thumbs up to James, who responded with a vigorous, "Liberacorpus!"</p>
<p>Fred and George let out shaky sighs of relief as their backs separated from the seats at last. The three of them picked their way over to the adults, checking aisles as they climbed over them for anyone else trapped or unconscious. The found no one else, and Harry hoped it was because the rest had been thrown to the side of the box that didn't break away, not because they had slipped over the edge before anyone had regained the wits to notice.</p>
<p>There were four or five ministry officials huddled near where Minister Fudge was curled up under James' watchful gaze. Adding in her family and the twins made about a dozen people who needed moving. First Sirius needed tending to, however. Harry took out her wand again and crouched beside her uncle, using her knees to brace herself in the mouth of an aisle so her hands stayed free.</p>
<p>"Here," Fudge protested weakly from where he huddled against the platform. "No underage magic—"</p>
<p>Lily interrupted. "I think this falls neatly under the exception for dangerous circumstances, don't you? Do what you must, Harry."</p>
<p>She nodded, choosing to take that as blanket permission to do whatever magic she deemed prudent until they got out of this mess; she had a feeling the night was far from over. A stream of diagnostic charms told her all she needed to know about Sirius' condition—he'd cracked his head hard enough to put his lights out on impact, but his brains were in no danger of coming out his ears. It was the work of minutes to fuse the thin skin at the back of his head together neatly and reduce the swelling. There was nothing she could do about the headache he would have upon waking, but she deemed him safe to rennervate after a final check.</p>
<p>Lily smiled at Harry proudly, a small moment of warmth in a chilling situation, and woke Sirius directly. The prone wizard inhaled sharply as his eyes flickered open and he groaned like a man hung over. "Why's the world tilted?" he garbled out between moans.</p>
<p>"The box split in two," James explained shortly.</p>
<p>"My head feels split in two," Sirius grouched. He attempted to sit and hissed at the dizzying sensation the movement caused.</p>
<p>"Here, Uncle Sirius," Harry said, reaching deep into her pocket. She'd thought it might seem odd to carry her potions bag into the stadium with her, so it was miniaturized in her pocket. She would never be without it, but that didn't mean she didn't know how strange it looked to carry it at a sporting event like the Quidditch World Cup.</p>
<p>Her uncle took the potion she handed him without question, knocking it back and grimacing at the taste. "Aren't you prepared," he said wryly.</p>
<p>She huffed. "What's the point of an emergency supply of anything if you don't have it in an emergency, Uncle?" She peered into his eyes in an attempt to judge his coherency.</p>
<p>Sirius waved her off and took stock of his surroundings. He peered about the steeply listing platform, taking in the splintering wood and whining metal where the high end of the slope was still connected, albeit precariously, to the box's original frame. He then looked up toward the ledge above them, grimacing resignedly. "I suppose the door to the stairs is up there, eh?"</p>
<p>"What a talent for summation you have," Lily said, letting out a shaky laugh. "Yes; we have to get everyone up there before we can evacuate this death trap."</p>
<p>"Don't suppose those wankers up there stuck around to see what became of us," Sirius said, sounding not at all hopeful about the prospect of rescuers.</p>
<p>"Our father is up there with Percy and Ron," George reported. "His wand is broken, though, and Ginny is hurt."</p>
<p>"Best get you two up first, then, so you can help your sister," Sirius said, reaching for his own wand.</p>
<p>"Send Harry up first," Fred said, shaking his head. "She can heal Ginny. We're useless either way."</p>
<p>Harry settled the argument before it could gain steam, simply brandishing her wand at Fred and catching him in a levitation charm before he had the sense to resist. She ignored his offended yelp and let her magic carry him surely up to the platform above them. She saw several pairs of arms reaching out over the ledge to guide the redhead in the last foot or so and released her spell when she felt a tug against her control on the other end.</p>
<p>"You're next," she warned George, who was looking at her in equal parts exasperation and gratitude.</p>
<p>"I've got him, Harry," Lily said, putting a hand on her arm. "Rest your magic. You may need it again before the night is out."</p>
<p>She didn't know how to tell Lily that she could have lifted all of the others to the platform twice before feeling the drain on her magic, so she let her mother lift George with a simple nod of acquiescence. Sirius turned his wand on Harry, but the Minister's hand shot out and grasped at the Black Lord's arm pleadingly.</p>
<p>"Send me up," Fudge said, voice shaking. "I must see to—that is, the people need to know I've survived. I must find the Bulgarian Minister. We must make a statement—"</p>
<p>Sirius removed Fudge's clawing hand with restrained impatience. "Minister, we will send you after Harry. Surely you see that the children must go first."</p>
<p>"The children…" Fudge trailed off uncertainly, but looked around at his retinue and nodded quickly. "Yes—ah, that is, of course. Send her along, then, and I'll follow just after."</p>
<p>Harry suppressed the urge to roll her eyes at the severe distortion of priorities from which politicians appeared to suffer. She looked at her parents as Sirius' spell caught her weight and said, "I'll wait for you," before they could give her instructions to the contrary. The magic hoisted her upward on a tide of invisible power, and a moment later she was touching down on the upper ledge in a space that had been cleared for the purpose.</p>
<p>There were more people still in the destroyed box than Sirius would have guessed. The Bulgarian party was still there, from what she could see. They were in the midst of a furious argument—in English, no less—with Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman, both of who seemed to be completely at a loss as to what they were meant to be doing. Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy were standing protectively close to Draco, whose eyes locked onto hers as she looked their way. "How many more?" he asked. His voice was steady but his face held a pallor that didn't bode well for how his Occlumency was holding up under the panicked emotions of so many shocked and terrified people.</p>
<p>"Nine," she said. "They may need help levitating everyone up." Here she looked meaningfully at all the grown witches and wizards standing about uncertainly. "The Minister and his retinue are still down there." Mr. Crouch sprang to the ledge—or at least to a space near the ledge from which he could peer down to the party below anxiously. He was almost knocked aside as Fudge came weightlessly flying over the edge and onto the platform. The portly man clutched at his chest as he found his feet and looked around. Zeroing in on the Bulgarian party, he stumbled over and began haranguing them about international incidents and unforeseeable disasters. Crouch followed him to mitigate and the group once again dissolved into uselessness.</p>
<p>Harry turned from the scene with disgust. She could be useful, at the least. Ginny was sitting in one of the chairs nearby, looking collected and annoyed at her family's hovering. "Come to patch me up?" Ginny asked as Harry knelt before her. "Just a numbing spell will do until I can get—ow!"</p>
<p>Harry ignored the girl's startled yelp as she magically twisted the bone back into place with a deft turn of her wand. She had done it on animals a number of times and knew that the spell prevented the nerves from sending most signals during the re-setting. It hadn't hurt much, but the sensation of muscle and sinew moving without one's conscious control was unpleasant nonetheless.</p>
<p>"I'm gonna be sick," Ron said, averting his face from his sister as her arm twitched and shuddered under the magic's insistent nudging.</p>
<p>Once the arm was straightened to the spell's content, Harry set about actually Healing it. This was a much more gentle process, and Ginny's face relaxed under the warmth of the magic. Knitting the bone and surrounding tissues back together also took longer than simply setting it did, so Harry settled in for the time being.</p>
<p>"What's happening with the rest of the stadium?" she asked Mr. Weasley as she worked.</p>
<p>He shook his head slowly. "Nothing good. Ours was the only portion of the stands directly attacked, so nothing else has collapsed. People are panicking, though. I fear the security wizards will have their hands full preventing a stampede."</p>
<p>Harry wondered that everyone hadn't already cleared the stands, but after casting her mind back over the events since the end of the game, she realized not as much time had passed as she'd assumed. It had been the rush of action and her own hyper-awareness slowing her experience of the event. That, and there probably weren't enough exits to the stadium for any sort of expeditious exodus.</p>
<p>At the periphery of her awareness, she could hear Bagman attempting at last to calm the crowd. At what she suspected was the Minister's urging, he had a Sonorous Charm going full blast, saying, "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, PLEASE DO NOT PANIC. THE MATCH IS NOW OVER. THERE IS NOTHING TO FEAR. PROCEED IN AN ORDERLY FASHION TO THE NEAREST EXIT AND NO HARM WILL BEFALL—"</p>
<p>Bagman's platitudes were drowned out by an unearthly howl that seemed to fill each corner of the stadium. It started as a wind, whipping through her ears so intimately it set her skin crawling. The white noise fell away by degrees until she could hear words, spoken as though emanating from just over her shoulder. <em>What kind of spell is this?</em> she wondered with unease. It was a terrible whisper of a voice, almost unrecognizable in its inhuman, echoing lisp. More terrible still were the things it said.</p>
<p>"<em>LIES</em>," the spell whispered-shouted into her ear. She couldn't help but flinch at the way it filled her mind with harsh syllables. She kept her concentration primarily focused on Ginny's healing, but she could not block out the voice entirely, and it rose and fell like an overbearing symphony in the fringes of her consciousness. "THERE IS MUCH TO FEAR. This is the advent of a new age in the Wizarding World. A WAR AGAINST THE LESSER IS BEGUN. Tonight we reclaim our world from the stain that desecrates it; we come to purge the poison that infects the weakened whole. CONSIDER THIS A WARNING. Mudbloods who leave our world will be spared. ALL WHO REMAIN SHALL BE HUNTED. True wizards associating with filth will be CLEANSED ALONGSIDE IT. Choose your side, wizards of the isle. JOIN US OR STAND ASIDE. THE DEATH EATERS DEVOUR ALL WHO STAND AGAINST THEM AND DELIVER THE SOULS OF THE UNWORTHY TO THE FIRES OF THE DARKNESS."</p>
<p>The message ended, but the words seemed to be stuck in Harry's mind, like the echoes of a bad dream that took too long to fade upon awakening.</p>
<p>"What the bloody hell was that?" Ron muttered, white-faced and shaking.</p>
<p>"Never mind that now," his father said firmly. "As soon as Ginny's arm is well enough to move, we are leaving this stadium. Fred, George: Ginny is your responsibility from now until we set foot inside the Burrow, understand?"</p>
<p>The twins gave resolute nods, the stubbornness in their chins just daring Ginny to protest. She didn't, for once, instead frowning fiercely and snapping at Harry, "Is it fixed yet?"</p>
<p>"Almost," she said. She wasn't about to send the girl into a volatile situation with a half-healed arm.</p>
<p>"<em>Dad</em>," Percy hissed suddenly, naked fear in his voice. Mr. Weasley whirled to look at something out of Harry's line of sight and inhaled sharply.</p>
<p>"Get down, all of you!" he yelled.</p>
<p>Harry didn't think twice about pulling Ginny down by her good arm and shoving them both into an aisle. Ginny growled as her still-tender arm was jostled and Harry reached out with her Healing magic automatically to soothe it while at the same time twisting her head as much as she was able to look for the threat. "Did you see?" she asked Ginny.</p>
<p>"Masked riders," Ginny panted. "Black robes. On brooms. Came from above, I think. That's all I saw before you attacked me."</p>
<p>"Saved you," Harry disagreed.</p>
<p>She flinched as something touched her head but it was soft and fluttering—it was a piece of parchment, and it was followed by a half a dozen others. What on earth…?</p>
<p>Ginny pushed at her and they both moved into crouches. They risked a look out at the stadium and the scene that met Harry's eyes was so surreally unexpected that it didn't immediately register as intelligible. There was indeed a swarm of black-robed figures in silver masks, and they were on brooms, but whatever she'd imagined them doing—throwing spells or curses, maybe—it didn't predict them throwing what looked like bundles of newspapers down into the stands.</p>
<p>The masked riders tossed the stacks of papers and then shot simple dispersing spells after them: the stacks then exploded into hundreds of leaflets that rained down harmlessly onto the crowd.</p>
<p>"You saved me from a paper cut," Ginny said dryly. "Thanks ever so."</p>
<p>Not amused by the redhead at that particular moment, Harry pulled the girl's arm toward her and Healed it as fast as she could manage safely. Faster was more uncomfortable, but she thought they were beyond such concerns at this point. Ginny hissed at the pins and needles sensation, but sighed with real relief when Harry let her go at last with a satisfied nod. Ginny tried out her arm, gingerly at first and then with more vigor as it held up to her motions.</p>
<p>"Thanks, Harry," the girl said, momentarily sincere. Her face relaxed into cynical lines a moment later. "Now let's get the hell out of here."</p>
<p>"Go with your family," she said, turning Ginny over to Fred and George's protective care. "I'll see to mine."</p>
<p>"Be safe," George called after her, eyeing the leaflet-tossing wizards with cold apprehension. Unburdened, the masked assailants had begun to flee up and out of the stadium into the night.</p>
<p>She returned the sentiment distractedly and sought out her parents. James had procured Aurors from seemingly nowhere and was taking charge of the situation unequivocally now that everyone had been retrieved from the broken portion of the box.</p>
<p>"Dawlish, contact HQ and tell them we need immediate backup," James barked. "Stepson, go down to the locker rooms and confiscate the players' brooms. Get Squad C airborne and after those masked wizards. Granby, find the wardsmiths on call tonight and tell them to take down the anti-Portkey wards around the grounds, then the anti-Apparition wards. People are going to want to leave quickly and we don't have enough Portkey stations standing by to make any kind of speedy evacuation."</p>
<p>"That's gonna take time," Granby protested. "Hours, maybe; them wards are anchored in a dozen places."</p>
<p>"Well, get every ward master in England on it," James snapped.</p>
<p>"The anti-App wards were anchored by Master Black himself!" Granby snapped back. "I'm telling you, our guys can't just unpin 'em on a whim."</p>
<p>Meanwhile Bagman had decided to be useful again and was announcing over the Sonorous Charm, "ALL PLAYERS REPORT TO THE TOP BOX WITH BROOMS IN HAND, BY ORDER OF THE MINISTER OF MAGIC!"</p>
<p>A glance over at the respective Ministers of Magic showed the pair of them utterly uninterested in any such order, being preoccupied in an argument over whose respective fault the current circumstance really was.</p>
<p>"Winborne, take Murphy and escort the dignitaries out of the stadium," James said when he could be heard once more. "Take them directly to the perimeter of the wards and use the emergency Portkeys to get them off the grounds."</p>
<p>"Why can't we take the brooms to the Portkey stations?" Fudge broke in, abruptly distracted from his political machinations.</p>
<p>"There aren't enough for you all," James said uncomfortably. "We need to acquisition the majority to get our men in the sky to oversee the situation and provide close air support if events escalate further."</p>
<p>"Just the two of us, then," Fudge spluttered, grasping his fellow minister like a lifeline.</p>
<p>James visibly fought a grimace and lost. "All right, Minister. If you and the Bulgarian Minister would like to wait, I can escort you to the perimeter myself by broomstick shortly."</p>
<p>Lily met James' eyes and smiled resolutely. "Harry and I will do just fine, Dear. We'll be waiting for you when you come home."</p>
<p>"I'll look out for them," Sirius added, clapping a hand on Harry's shoulder hard enough to make her stumble a bit.</p>
<p>James shook his head slowly. "I have a job for you, Sirius."</p>
<p>In a blur of crimson, the Bulgarian Seeker, Krum, touched down in what was left of the Top Box. He made straight for his minister, spurring a short and one-sided conversation in which the Bulgarian Minister gestured from Krum's broom to James and back.</p>
<p>Krum handed over the Firebolt XP without so much as a wince. James passed it to Sirius a moment later.</p>
<p>"Get to the edge of the wards and Apparate to your brother's house," James told him.</p>
<p>She'd never seen Sirius take a broom so gingerly. "We aren't on great terms at the moment."</p>
<p>"Still, he'll come if you ask him," James insisted. Harry thought he was probably right. Whatever Regulus thought of Sirius, he respected the position of Family Head unequivocally. "No one else can get the wards down fast enough," James concluded.</p>
<p>Sirius looked at Lily and Harry, frowning. "I don't like this. At least let me take Harry."</p>
<p>James shook his head staidly. "She'll slow you down. People are panicking already. Go now, Sirius."</p>
<p>With a final, uneasy glance at Lily and Harry, Sirius turned and leapt off the edge of the box, rocketing into the night on wings of urgent resolve.</p>
<p>Winborne and Murphy began herding the ministerial delegations briskly toward the door, which had been knocked partially askew during the box's splitting. The majority of those remaining who were not directly affiliated with the governmental parties nevertheless followed close behind, likely judging the Auror-escorted group to be a relatively safe option amidst the chaos. Harry had the disturbing thought that standing next to high-ranking officials in the midst of a politically motivated attack was phenomenally ill advised, but with only one exit from the box there was no choice.</p>
<p>She stuck near to her mother, falling into step behind the Malfoys, with the Weasleys pressing close behind them. On the metal landing outside the box, their progress was stymied. Witches and wizards were attempting to evacuate from every box along the narrow walkway, to the point that passage between their box and the nearest lift access was impossibly congested. Judging by the frustrated shouts coming from that direction, Harry wasn't sure the lifts were even functioning at this point.</p>
<p>She looked the other direction, toward the junction with the rickety metal stairs that wound their way back and forth around the outside of the stadium like trails in an overly ambitious ant farm. "Mum," she said, pitching her voice over the crowd with difficulty. Lily followed her gaze and grimaced, but nodded.</p>
<p>"We're never going to make the lifts," Lily called to those around them. "We should take the stairs."</p>
<p>Lady Malfoy looked unenthused by the prospect. "It's little more than scaffolding," she pointed out. Harry could barely hear her cultured voice amidst the noise. "—not designed for serious traversement."</p>
<p>"Unless you've got brooms up your sleeves, we've few options," Mr. Weasley said firmly. Eyeing the crush of people all pressing toward the lifts, he directed Percy and Fred, who were the furthest back, to shift sideways. "Boys, make a path to the stairs—carefully. George, keep hold of Ginny." To Lily and the Malfoys he added, "Let's keep the children to the center."</p>
<p>Harry was unceremoniously put between her mother and Draco, who was bracketed by his parents on the other side. Ignoring the ignominy of being treated like the bumbling ministry officials, Harry began the slow plod toward the stairs. The only thing that made their passage possible was the fact that everyone else was eager to move in the other direction. Room was made as witches and wizards wriggled forward into the space they vacated.</p>
<p>It wasn't until they reached the first stair and Draco nearly stumbled that Harry realized he was not holding up as well as he pretended under the overpressure of so many heightened emotions. He clutched the side railing with white knuckles and attempted to descend despite the glazed, half-focused look in his eyes that told her he was processing too much empathic data to be fully cognizant of his physical surroundings.</p>
<p>Without hesitation, she propped her right arm under his left elbow and steadied him. "<em>Focus</em>," she said, a bit sharper than she intended. Her worry gave her words an edge. "Find my emotions and forget the others."</p>
<p>It was a sign of the enormous pressure overloading his gift that Draco clutched blindly for her wrist with the hand that was not holding the rail, seeking the skin-to-skin contact that heightened and narrowed his empathy markedly. She knew from helping him learn to control his gift that his ability to sense a person's emotions was influenced by proximity, and that if he touched a person, his perception of outside emotions diminished to almost nothing. The trade off was that the emotions of whomever he was tuned to became hyper-magnified, easily overwhelming if not managed properly. For that reason, anchoring, as they came to call it, only helped his control if the person he touched held their emotions extremely static. Harry's Occlumency allowed her that control, and she exercised it ruthlessly as she directed Draco subtly down the stairs.</p>
<p>"How are you…so damn calm?" Draco hissed out between long, deliberately even breaths.</p>
<p>Her serenity was exaggerated as she projected complete placidity for his benefit, but even beneath her mental shields she wasn't, truthfully, too ruffled by the situation. It was the plain truth that she had been in worse circumstances than an overcrowded stairwell. To Draco, she simply said, "I am calm because I need to be."</p>
<p>"Why can't everyone do that, then?" Draco grumbled with annoyance. His eyes were clearer, now, and he seemed less likely to fracture into pieces any second.</p>
<p>Harry couldn't help the short thrum of amusement that passed through her at his words. How like her friend to resent others for their unintended effect on his empathy. No doubt he would happily require Occlumency be added to the standard Wizarding curricula if it meant he wouldn't be inconvenienced by other people's excitability.</p>
<p>The blond wizard let out a burst of involuntary laughter, then shuddered and glared at her. "Keep it to yourself," he snapped.</p>
<p>Apologetic, Harry reinforced her Occlumency more firmly, tamping down on all superfluous emotion rather than simply the tension-causing ones such as worry and paranoia. Draco's face smoothed out and he nodded at her gratefully. He stood a little straighter, no longer leaning against her for support, though his left hand didn't release her wrist as they continued downward.</p>
<p>They were not the only ones to think of using the stairs, and their progress slowed incrementally the closer they got to the ground. Each time they were unable to move forward, they had to fight to keep from being crushed by those behind them. Their group was forced closer and closer as they lost space to the desperate press of bodies caught up in forward momentum.</p>
<p>Harry recalled with disgust the single entrance to the stadium she'd passed through hours before and hoped there were those on the bottom floor with enough sense to blast alternate exits from the other ends of the stadium. Then she imagined the effect such uncontrolled efforts might have on the overall stability of the temporary magical structure and thought better of it. With any luck, Sirius would have Regulus Black on hand shortly and they could all just apparate home.</p>
<p>During one of the long pauses in their headway, Harry looked down over the edge of the railing to judge their progress. They were just above the tallest treetops, but in a couple of levels they would be close enough to considered jumping over the railing. The more compressed their group became on the stairway, the more she thought getting trapped in the bowels of the stadium trying to reach the main entryway would be a bad idea. People were going to get trampled or crushed unintentionally at the rate things were going.</p>
<p>The line of bodies moved and she turned away from the rail—but a flicker of strange light caught her periphery and she whipped her head back around with a snap. Draco let out a sharp breath and she belatedly smoothed the ripples in her emotions. He had already leaned around her to see what had alarmed her so, however, and when he, too saw the orange light past the tree line he cursed.</p>
<p>"The tents are on fire!" someone shouted from above them. She wondered exactly how stupid a person had to be to literally scream 'fire' in the midst of an already panicked crowd, but a moment later she had no time to care. The weight of the crowd around them became frenzied with stymied panic and Harry was knocked into Mr. Weasley's back with a grunt of surprise as Mrs. Malfoy lost her balance on the stairs behind them.</p>
<p>"We've got to get off these stairs," Draco said, voice tight as he attempted to brace himself next to her against the rail.</p>
<p>"Still too high to jump," she told him. "A hundred feet, I think."</p>
<p>"There has to be another way down," he said, almost to himself. He frowned at her for a long moment, and then she realized he wasn't looking at her—he was looking at her potions kit, which was unshrunken and pressed tightly to her body, cushioned from disruption only by the built-in spells that protected the vials within from jostling.</p>
<p>She put a protective hand on her bag, knowing where his thoughts were headed. She had told him as Rigel that her cousin Harry had been the one to develop the Modified Weightless Draught. "I don't have any modified ones…"</p>
<p>"But you have regular Weightless Draughts?" Draco asked, triumph lighting his expression.</p>
<p>She frowned, mentally calculating her current store levels. She was going to use them in an experiment over the weekend for her project with Snape, so she did have a handful of regular Weightless Draughts. "Six," she said after a moment. "Not enough for all of us."</p>
<p>"Enough for your family and mine," Draco pointed out. She didn't even have to say anything before he shrugged. "Just saying," he muttered.</p>
<p>Harry was too busy doing calculations in her head to entertain his callous suggestion that they abandon the Weasleys. "If the six heaviest of us take the potion and the rest of us use levitation charms on one another to slow our falls…"</p>
<p>"It'd be too uncontrolled," Draco said. "There's no way we could keep levitation charms steady while falling. And it's too dark to maintain line of sight from up here."</p>
<p>"What if the spell could be steadied?" she spoke aloud even as she tried to remember how many base potions she had in her bag that could be shape-imbued. At least a dozen, she was certain. "If I put a Levitation Charm in one of the neutral base potions…it won't make the drinker feather-light, but it will reverse the pull of gravity nonetheless. I just don't know if it will be too much—we might end up floating up into the sky uncontrollably."</p>
<p>Draco's face was a study in concentration as he tried to follow her thinking. "We could pair up—one Weightless Draught with one Levitation Charm. The anti-gravity of the Levitation Charm would be balanced by the controlled fall of the Weightless Draught. A Levitation Charm powered for one person can't lift two, even if the other one is very light. Should make for a <em>very</em> slow fall between the two."</p>
<p>"In theory." She grimaced. He nodded unhappily, wincing as they were both pushed forward again as a surge came inexplicably from further up the stairs.</p>
<p>"I'll take theory over being crushed," Ron said from ahead of them. They looked up to see him craning his neck to see over his dad's shoulder. "I didn't catch all of that, but let's do <em>something</em>."</p>
<p>The others around them were looking down with mixed trepidation and determination at Harry and Draco. Lily, half-wedged between the rail and Mrs. Malfoy, gave them a grim smile. "If you've got an idea, now would be the time to try it."</p>
<p>Harry's hands flew into her potions kit, drawing out vials from various pockets with the ease of intimate familiarity. She passed them off to Draco and Mr. Weasley as she ran out of hands. "The Weightless Draughts go to Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy, Mum, Mr. Weasley, and the twins." She knew without a doubt that Fred and George weighed more than their older brother—where he was skinny and lanky, like Ron, the twins had the build of true Beaters, broad-shouldered and well muscled.</p>
<p>When she was left with five vials, held between her and Draco, she closed her eyes for the barest of seconds, her core awareness pulsing out until she'd connected a cord of her magic with each of the vials. She'd never simultaneously imbued along multiple connections before, but the amount of magic required for each vial was negligible for her, just enough to levitate one human-sized object, and since it was the same type of magic going through each one she didn't foresee any issues.</p>
<p>The vials lit up with the speed and force with which she imbued, molding her magic into the form of Levitation Charms and pushing it down into the inert solutions as rapidly as she dared. The entire process took her perhaps a minute, and by the time Draco had let out a surprised yelp at the heat that passed into the potions she was already taking all but one of them from him, passing three up to Percy, Ron, and Ginny.</p>
<p>"When we take ours, our feet are going to leave the ground," she warned them loudly. "Wait until your partner is ready to jump."</p>
<p>"This seems rather reckless," Mrs. Malfoy said, eyeing her vial dubiously. At Harry's patient look, she said, "It's not that I don't trust you, young lady, but this is my son's life you're asking me to risk. There is no guarantee that your… potion-Levitation Charm will last until we reach the ground."</p>
<p>Harry nodded. "I'll go first, then."</p>
<p>"No—" Draco bit off the rest of his exclamation, scowling as Harry raised her eyebrows at him. "That's stupid. Let an adult go first." Harry wondered if he was worried about losing his emotional anchor, but surely he realized that getting away from the crowd would help more than anything else.</p>
<p>Lily struggled to reach Harry and managed to get a hand on her shoulder after a moment. "There's no use dithering further. We will send green sparks when we reach the ground, so you know it is safe to follow." Before anyone could protest further, Lily downed her vial of Weightless Draught and pushed her way to the railing with unexpected strength. She swept her feet over the edge and made room for Harry to climb up beside her. Harry wrapped an arm tightly around her mother's waist and gulped back the hastily imbued potion without hesitation. It went to work after a moment's delay, and Harry felt gravity desert her as her mother's arms closed around her torso. Lily waited to make sure the magic keeping Harry aloft was stable, then pushed strongly against the rail.</p>
<p>There was an eerie moment of horizontal motion as Harry and Lily drifted out over open air, away from the stadium. Before they had gone too far toward the tree line, their bodies decelerated and they began to drop, ever so slowly, toward the ground. While normally a Weightless Draught would allow one to sink at a safe pace straight down through open air, the combination of a Weightless Draught with Harry's self-levitating form made the two of them into an awkward balloon of sorts. Their path to the ground zigzagged in a difficult to predict pattern so that, when they did touch down at last, it was much later and further from the stadium than Harry would have originally anticipated. They were almost in the forest itself when they landed, somewhat removed from the mob of people pouring out of the stadium's entrance in every direction.</p>
<p>Lily let go of Harry with a smile, which abruptly fell away as Harry began to float upwards again. Her mother grabbed for her arms with a choked laugh. "I suppose casting Finite won't do the trick on this either?"</p>
<p>Harry remembered when Lily had first attempted to spell away the blue tint to Archie's hair that resulted from one of her first experiments with shaped imbuing. She smiled back as her mother tugged her back to the earth. "Sorry, but I'll have to imbue the counter-charm. Didn't think of that."</p>
<p>Lily anchored Harry with a half-embrace while she fished her wand from her sleeve and shot a bevvy of green sparks into the sky toward the stadium. While her mother kept an eye on the sky, Harry awkwardly dug five additional vials of the base potion from her bag. She hesitated before imbuing them. "Is there a specific counter-spell for the Levitation Charm?" Normally one would simply stop using the charm to negate it.</p>
<p>Her mother frowned thoughtfully. "No reason a simple Finite Incantatem shouldn't work," she said, tentatively. "At the least, it won't hurt you."</p>
<p>Harry nodded and closed her eyes to focus on shaping the cancellation spell without letting the magic manifest. She hadn't done this one before, but it didn't strain her abilities noticeably. When the vials warmed with the added magic, she drank one and coughed on reflex when the world imperiously exerted its will upon her once more mid-swallow. "That was fast," she said, blinking as her muscles all began working at once to keep her upright once more.</p>
<p>"There's George and Ginny," Lily said, relief coloring her voice as she picked out their drifting forms against the sky.</p>
<p>Harry squinted in the direction she pointed. "Fred and I think Ron, too," she added. The others must have come one after the other once they'd seen the sparks. Slowly they were drifting into view out of the dark, like little boats set adrift through the sky. Mr. Weasley and Percy were close behind, and eventually all three Malfoys came into view, falling noticeably faster than the others as the combination of two Weightless Draughts worked against one Levitation Charm. Still, it was by no means a dangerous plummet; the family of three touched down a little ways short of their group, and Harry jogged over to give Draco the counter-spell potion before he could drift off again.</p>
<p>It took another minute or so for the first of the Weasleys to land, Ginny pushing away from her brother almost before her cancellation potion had been fully consumed. Harry was looking around for where the next pair would land when a jet of red light flew out of nowhere and caught Fred square in the chest. He and Ron were spun wildly off-course by the force of the spell—a stunner, she told herself to keep the panic at bay—and Harry lost sight of them as they were swallowed up by the night sky.</p>
<p>Another red jet flew toward Mr. Weasley, but Percy somehow managed to get a shield up around them both before it impacted. They landed a few moments later, breathless but intact. Harry pressed a potion to Percy, who spluttered as it kicked in and said, "Who in the blazes was shooting at us?"</p>
<p>"Some panicked evacuee who thought we were the masked assailants returning," Mr. Weasley said, worry keeping his voice clipped. "We've got to find your brothers. Did you see which direction they were knocked?"</p>
<p>Percy shook his head, but Draco spoke up. "They were diverted North-Northwest," he said. After a moment of hesitation he added, reluctantly, "Toward the tents."</p>
<p>Mr. Weasley's face went white, but he straightened at once, not an ounce of fear in his expression, and said, "Boys, watch your sister. Do not leave this spot."</p>
<p>"Dad, you haven't got a wand," George protested. "Let one of us find them."</p>
<p>"I'm not losing any more of you in this crowd," Mr. Weasley bit off sharply. "We've no time to argue. <em>Stay put</em>."</p>
<p>Harry had never heard the man more resolute. Still, she thought it folly for him to go off searching for Fred and Ron on his own. Even if he could have performed the locator charm, there was no telling what sort of trouble he might run into along the way.</p>
<p>"I will go," Lily said suddenly. Harry turned to look at her mother, whose voice was fierce with earnestness. When Mr. Weasley began to shake his head, Lily put a hand on his shoulder gently. "I have use of my wand, Arthur. I will find your youngest sons. Harry, stay with the Weasleys."</p>
<p>"I can help," she said, but her mother cut her off with a brisk hand gesture.</p>
<p>"You have helped enough, Harry. Hold this for me." Lily dropped a delicately engraved bracelet into Harry's open palm. It was her suppressor. When had she taken it off? The air around Lily seemed positively charged with energy. Her hair floated just a bit too far from her head to be purely windborne. She seemed to glow with an unearthly vitality as she touched Harry's head and said, "If the wards drop, use your emergency Portkey to get home. Otherwise, stay here until I return."</p>
<p>"I will watch over her," Mr. Weasley vowed, worry fighting with gratefulness on his face.</p>
<p>"You have enough children to keep safe." Mr. Malfoy stepped up and placed a hand on the back of Harry's neck. She gaped up at him like an idiot for half a second before her poise caught up to her surprised disbelief. "We will look after Miss Potter," he continued. "It is the least we can do, after she liberated us all from the stadium's confines."</p>
<p>Lily looked hard at the impassive pureblood for a long moment. When she nodded, it was slow and deliberate. There was acceptance in her eyes, but also a warning. Only the hint of a smile gracing Mr. Malfoy's mouth revealed his awareness of the unspoken threat.</p>
<p>With a last look at Harry, her mother took off in the direction Ron and Fred had been blasted. The smoke coming from the burning campgrounds had drifted in the wind, and Lily's jogging form was swallowed in hazy darkness before long.</p>
<p>Their group huddled together in the night air somewhat awkwardly, at first. The Weasleys were to a one pale and worried. She could easily read the helpless frustration on their faces as they waited while two of their own were potentially in danger. She could just as easily read the Malfoys' polite attempts at not noticing the Weasleys' distress. The combination was both unhelpful and painfully charged.</p>
<p>Finally, Draco broke the tension. "Those two are clever. They'll find somewhere safe to wait, keep an eye out for help. Ron is handy with a wand, too. They'll be all right."</p>
<p>Mr. Weasley nodded his thanks for Draco's words, and said, "No doubt we will all see the night out safely."</p>
<p>No sooner had the words been uttered than an explosion rippled through the night, far from where they stood but nevertheless alarming in its sudden appearance against the sky. It was in the direction Lily had been running, somewhere amidst the burning field of tents. The initial explosion was followed immediately by a series of bright flashes and bangs, almost in mockery of the situation's severity.</p>
<p>People screamed and fled into the tree line rather than attempt to skirt the spreading flames. There was little hope of anyone getting to the Portkey and Apparition points beyond the wards at this point—all such locations were on the other side of the fiery camping grounds. Harry's group pressed closer together to avoid being separated by the flood of witches and wizards rushing into the woods around them. It was several minutes before the whistles and bangs ebbed to the point that conversation was possible again.</p>
<p>"Some fool's firework stash caught fire, no doubt," Mr. Malfoy deduced.</p>
<p>"It won't be the last," his wife added. "There will be many with such piles in their tents, awaiting the end of the match celebrations."</p>
<p>"That's not the only thing in those tents," Ginny said, eyes bright despite the darkness. "I saw at least a few crups as we were walking around earlier, and pets aren't allowed in the stadium."</p>
<p>Harry grimaced, and, cruel though it was, silently hoped that crups were the worst of the casualties that would be revealed in the aftermath. With this many people in a state of fearful distress, there was a high risk of people getting trampled in the haste of others.</p>
<p>"Who would do something like this?" George asked, shaking his head a bit helplessly. He was visibly uncomfortable with his brothers' disappearance and seemed to be looking for a topic to distract himself.</p>
<p>"Radicals," Mr. Weasley said shortly.</p>
<p>"Anti-Muggle renegades," someone nearby added sharply. Harry couldn't see the speaker; there were a number of groups huddled close along the tree line like they were. The woods had grown quiet as the stadium slowly emptied and people settled in to wait for the wards to go down or the Aurors to gain control of the scene.</p>
<p>"It doesn't concern us," a witch said, her voice huffy and dismissive.</p>
<p>"It does when they attack an international sporting event!" someone else loudly interjected. "This is going to take <em>weeks</em> to mop up. We don't even know how many were injured or—Merlin forbid—killed tonight."</p>
<p>"Purebloods, some of them, I don't doubt," Mr. Malfoy pointed out. Harry frowned upon realizing the conclusion of that train of thinking.</p>
<p>"You'd think they'd pick their target more carefully, if it was Muggles they're after," Draco snorted. Harry moved her eyes slowly over her friend's face, wondering what exactly he found so amusing in all of this.</p>
<p>"It wasn't Muggles or even Muggleborns they were after," Harry said, voice flat. Those around them grew quiet at her proclamation. "It was everyone else."</p>
<p>Draco frowned at her, discomfort in his expression that was probably caused by the riot of emotions she was struggling to keep contained. "That's what I mean," he said slowly. "Attacking a mixed event like this means the majority of affected aren't the ones they claim to be against. Why?"</p>
<p>"They're laying the foundation," Mr. Weasley said suddenly. He was looking at Harry with disturbed realization.</p>
<p>She nodded. "This attack was meant to scare, not actually injure or kill many people directly. That's why they dropped pamphlets. It was aimed at those who <em>associate</em> with Muggleborns, which includes a great number of halfbloods and purebloods. Like my uncle. Like my cousin. Like me. Like you," she added, raising her chin challengingly at the Malfoys. At the unease she caught flickering through their eyes she tilted her head. "You sat in the Top Box with my mother and shook her hand, didn't you? And now you're scared, because that fleeting association might make you a target next—or at least that's the obvious conclusion these people want you to draw, isn't it? The point of tonight was to scare as many people as possible into not associating with Muggleborns. To make people retreat from those they might have spoken for out of fear for themselves."</p>
<p>"And when they do start attacking Muggleborns and their families, the rest of the Wizarding world will stand by and do nothing," Mr. Weasley said grimly. "It's the same tactics Grindelwald's supporters used before launching their war. First they terrified the sector of society they didn't have a grudge with, just to keep them out of the way. Then they moved to exterminate the undesirables—the Squibs, the less popular species of magical beings like hags and goblins, vampires and banshees. Those groups were unlikely to receive popular support from the wider public anyway. When they moved on to Muggleborns and eventually Muggles themselves, the magical communities of Europe were numb to the killings, too afraid for their own families to mount even a token resistance."</p>
<p>After a moment of stark silence, a shaky voice came from the trees behind them. "Surely you aren't suggesting this is the start of a war?"</p>
<p>"It's just a political demonstration gone awry," someone else said, a forced chuckle attempting to lighten the air. "Probably drunks, looking to let off a little steam."</p>
<p>"If these so-called Death Eaters can be believed, we'll find out soon enough, I'd wager," Mr. Weasley said darkly.</p>
<p>The Malfoys didn't add anything else to the conversation. Harry peered at Mr. Malfoy and couldn't help but wonder if the SOW Party had anything to do with the attack. She was tempted to think that it wasn't really Riddle's style, but then again what did she really know of the man? He was hard to predict.</p>
<p>It was only a short while later that Lily, Fred, and Ron emerged from the sea of choking smoke and stumbled toward them. Harry wondered why the three were hobbling so awkwardly, until she realized Ron was being towed between the other two—his Levitation Charm potion hadn't worn off yet, evidently. Harry had a dose already prepared, and in short order Ron was laughing weakly in relief as his feet met the earth.</p>
<p>"Thanks, Harry," he said, grimacing at her. "No offense, but your potions are kind of scary."</p>
<p>The gangly redhead was caught in an embrace by his father, who checked him over briskly for injuries. Fred, meanwhile, was receiving the same treatment from his twin.</p>
<p>George clapped his hands on Fred's cheeks and gasped in dismay. "Freddie! What've you done?"</p>
<p>Fred frowned, lifting a hand to his face as though to check it was still attached. "What—?"</p>
<p>George shucked his jumper and the thin T-shirt beneath, then began shredding it into long strips without pause. Mr. Weasley looked at Fred with alarm, but there was no obvious cause for panic, just a small, already-scabbing cut on his right temple. He sighed. "Son, there's no need to—"</p>
<p>"I'll save you, Freddie!" George pounced. He had three and a half strips wrapped around his twin's head like a makeshift turban before Fred managed to escape. Everyone had a good laugh as it became clear George was having them on.</p>
<p>Ginny punched George in the arm with a scowl. "Don't scare us like that!"</p>
<p>"That was not amusing," Percy said, sniffing.</p>
<p>"Not clever, either," Draco said, smirking. As the Weasleys looked over uncertainly, he added, "Should've had Potter heal him, unless you'd like people to be able to tell you apart now."</p>
<p>Twin looks of horror bled quickly to pleading as they whipped toward Harry's amused face. "I can fix it," she assured them, gesturing for Fred to unwrap his bandaged head. She held her wand mostly in her sleeve as she sealed the cut. She didn't put it past Draco to notice she was once again using 'Rigel's' wand, if he saw it up close.</p>
<p>As she finished, a tremble beneath their feet caused several people nearby to shriek. Harry smiled, however. "That'll be the wards going down," she said.</p>
<p>"Which ones?" Ron asked. "Portkey or anti-Apparition?"</p>
<p>"Hopefully everything but the Muggle-repellers," Mr. Weasley murmured.</p>
<p>"One way to know," Narcissa said, placing her hand on her son's arm. "Try your Portkey, Draco."</p>
<p>Draco gave them all a last look before pulling his Heir's watch from his pocket. "Safe travels," he told them, somewhat awkwardly. "Manor de Malfoy." He vanished with a pop. With a short nod at the rest of them, Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy turned on the spot and disappeared as well.</p>
<p>There were shouts of joy as people throughout the forest realized they could Apparate and Portkey out. Pops crackled through the trees like firecrackers as witches and wizards left in droves.</p>
<p>"Thank you for finding my boys," Mr. Weasley said, clasping Lily's shoulders in a brief but heartfelt exchange. "Get home safe."</p>
<p>"You as well," Lily said. She held out a hand for Harry to take and the last thing Harry saw as she was side-along Apparated was the Weasleys crowding around a small handkerchief.</p>
<p>The world re-materialized on her front lawn. Lily led the way back into the house, though the look on her face suggested she didn't expect to find James home just yet. Harry stepped into the living room to see Remus setting aside a hefty book and rising from the couch with a slight frown.</p>
<p>"Addy is asleep upstairs," Remus said. "What's going on? Sirius came running in an hour ago and practically jumped through the Floo, ranting about paranoid younger brothers with unplottable estates. Where's James?"</p>
<p>"He's fine," Lily said, distractedly glancing at the ceiling in the direction of Addy's room.</p>
<p>"I'll explain," Harry offered. "Go check on Addy, Mum."</p>
<p>Lily nodded gratefully and swept up the stairs. Harry sat and ran through the events after the Cup match with her uncle. By the time she'd finished, Lily had whipped up a pot of hot chocolate and brought mugs of it into the living room as they settled in to wait for James' and Sirius' return. Harry caught a whiff of something sharper than chocolate as her mother's mug passed her nose, but she didn't comment on it. She wasn't old enough to drink, but that didn't mean she didn't understand the appeal. In times of stress she developed an acute longing for a Calming Potion.</p>
<p>The long evening, warm fire, and sweet chocolate drink all conspired to make Harry drowsy. She found herself dozing off as the night wore on, and it was some time later that a noise from the Floo room drew her awake with an unpleasant lurch. She winced at the crick in her neck from where she'd laid it on her chair's arm as she rose.</p>
<p>James was there in the doorway, Sirius close behind him, both looking exhausted and drawn, but altogether unharmed. After hugs and health checks all around, the two men sat and related the long and short of it.</p>
<p>"The Ministry is wound tighter than a top over this," James said. "Only, it's for all the wrong reasons. Officials are running around babbling about press releases and international political fallout but no one is stopping to ask themselves how this happened. Security was nothing to sneeze at in that stadium. These assailants slipped in, with Merlin knows how many smuggled or stolen brooms, and they evaded every patrol and pursuit. This was not some drunken accident—it was well planned and expertly executed."</p>
<p>"Do we know how the camp grounds caught fire?" Harry asked. It would have been difficult for the fleeing attackers to stop and orchestrate without being caught.</p>
<p>"No," James said wearily. "The arson brigade is still investigating. We're lucky everyone was still in the stadium when it happened. If the fire had been later, after people got back to their tents for the night…" He didn't need to finish that train of thought.</p>
<p>"At least Sirius managed to find Regulus and get the wards down," Lily said. "We didn't see any major stampedes. It could have been much worse."</p>
<p>"They might have been down sooner, if Reggie didn't think I was roaring drunk when I found him," Sirius said, somewhat bitterly. Harry supposed showing up in nothing but trousers and body paint, pouring out words about an attack on the World Cup would make anyone cautiously skeptical—and Regulus Black's opinion of his brother was lower than most.</p>
<p>"No one was killed in the evacuation," James said, shaking his head. "There were incidents of near-tramplings and a few were injured in the crushing crowds, but the deaths we know of so far all occurred after the initial attack, when the stands became destabilized. The Top Box suffered the most damage, but surrounding areas were affected, as well. We found a half dozen people in the scaffolding below, either too close to the rails when they shook or the victims of falling debris from above."</p>
<p>Lily squeezed his arm and glanced meaningfully at Harry, who blew out a long breath. She'd known since seeing the Top Box split in two that it was unlikely no one had been seriously injured as a result. She just hadn't been dwelling on it. Now, there was nothing else to think about. People had died that night—people not so removed in time and space from where she had been. She had seen death before—in the Lower Alleys, in the Chamber of Secrets, in the Forbidden Forest—but never had it seemed so…meaningless. Those people had nothing to do with whatever statement the masked wizards or witches had been attempting to make.</p>
<p>Why would anyone cause such reckless suffering? It was so <em>thoughtless</em>, so <em>unnecessary</em>. She could feel her magic stirring restlessly beneath her skin and had to fight to keep from letting her parents see how upset she was becoming. It wasn't for the reasons they would assume, and she wasn't sure she could explain properly. Words had taken a backseat to emotion, currently.</p>
<p>"I'm going to bed," she said, standing and collecting the mugs from the table. "I'm glad you're home safe, Dad, Uncle Sirius. See you in the morning."</p>
<p>Her parents hugged her one last time, both troubled but wise enough to realize she didn't want to talk at the moment. She wanted to sleep. Not to forget—she would never forget—but to regroup her mind and come to terms with all the changes that would be wrought on the world in the aftermath of that night. The battleground was shifting, and she had to decide how to move with it.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The next morning's paper displayed an image of the stadium mid-attack, the skull-and-snake emblem an ugly stain across the sky.</p>
<p><em>TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP!</em></p>
<p><em>Last night's sporting event was marred by a vicious assault on the stadium itself as masked renegades stormed the winning team's celebration and bombarded the field with inflammatory pamphlets supporting blood discrimination at its most extreme. </em></p>
<p><em>Witnesses say the assailants appeared like ghosts from the night, striking at the Minister's box and nearly causing the deaths of dozens of government officials and foreign dignitaries. Minister Fudge admits, "I barely escaped with my life." Wizarding communities across the world are outraged at this blatant terrorist attack against Magical Britain and her allies. Aurors report at least a dozen deceased as a result of this attack. The families of those brave witches and wizards are demanding answers, and so far the Ministry seems at a loss to explain how the most elaborately publicized and extensively organized event of the year was subject to such poor security practices that an unknown number of miscreants were able to wreak havoc with impunity upon innocent bystanders. </em></p>
<p><em>Also unclear is who exactly these assailants were. Was it an act of terrorism? Of war? Or just a political rebellion gone awry? All that is clear at this time is that the so-called Death Eaters are a serious new organization willing to take political views outside of the realm of politics and into the lives of ordinary citizens regardless of affiliation.</em></p>
<p><em>Ministry press releases state that in the future, alcohol sales at public events will be curtailed and all spectators subject to more thorough inspection, and in some cases searching, prior to event entry. Whether this will be enough to stop another such incident is something only time will tell. </em></p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
