<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <title>The Futile Facade</title>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 5</h2>
    <div class="storytext">
        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>To say that Regulus Black was having a bad week was an understatement equal to noting that the Wizarding public was perturbed by the recent events of the Quidditch World Cup. The truth was somewhat nearer to mass hysteria, and the Ministry dullards seemed keen to place the blame solely on the tournament orchestrators; Crouch and Bagman were in the political doghouse, and Regulus had rapidly spent every ounce of social capital his name afforded to avoid the same fate. <em>Never mind that this entire fiasco was a </em>security<em> issue</em>, he thought bitterly.</p>
<p>After days of official memorandums and demands of explanation, days of gratingly polite replies that he was only tasked to keep <em>Muggles</em> out of the arena and reminders that the structure's wards weren't designed to do anything other than support the physical integrity of the stadium's foundations under normal, predictable live loads, Regulus was ready to blast his own fireplace to pieces if it meant an end to the Undersecretary's belligerent Floo calls. No one seemed to care that there was no way for him to anticipate the stadium's needing to be protected from powerful magic; even if there was, he had not been <em>commissioned</em> to do that. His wards were crafted to repel the occasional Bludger, not shelter thousands of people from a terrorist attack.</p>
<p>In any case, it had been the Aurors who decided to seal so many of the stadium's exits to make security checkpoints more manageable. They assured Regulus' team that the exits would be unsealed after the match's conclusion to facilitate the ensuing exodus. Apparently, the Aurors who had been tasked with that particular function had been reassigned in the chaos of the attack. Not that anyone was laying blame at Potter's door. The Minister attributed his narrow escape to the Head Auror and looked for culpability elsewhere.</p>
<p>Now, after a hellish week in the black hole that was the public's disapproving eye, Regulus was summoned to Lord Riddle's side to make a report on his errant nephew. He could not imagine a subject he cared less to discuss with his lord than Rigel Black. The boy was an ambiguous piece on a game board much larger than he seemed to realize. Both sides intended to use him, but, maddeningly, he had a talent for shying just out of reach. Regulus knew Riddle looked to him to exert influence on the boy; he was in Regulus' house, and thus in his sphere of responsibility. Regulus was not under any illusions as to the Heir's susceptibility to his machinations, however. He was also nowhere near foolish enough to imagine Lord Riddle would be pleased at this state of affairs.</p>
<p>As he stepped into the capacious hall that served as Riddle's receiving room at his remote estate, Regulus wiped the disgruntlement from his features and cleared his mind with the ease of rote practice. He knew better than to arm Lord Riddle with the knowledge of his displeasure. He walked down the center of the room slowly, his footsteps soft on the long, silk rug that marked the straight path toward the dais.</p>
<p>His bow was low and respectful but unhurried. He would follow this wizard unhesitantly, but he would not trip over himself to grovel. The opulent display of candles and gilded, emerald studded throne might impress some of Riddle's underlings, but wealth was nothing to Regulus. The power that radiated from the man upon the throne, however… was a different matter.</p>
<p>"Rise, Regulus," Riddle said after an unnecessary increment. Regulus did not need a stiff spine to remind him where his loyalties were owed. "Tell me what has occupied young Rigel these past months."</p>
<p>Regulus met Riddle's eyes briefly, then flicked his gaze to the man's left ear instead. "My nephew is recently returned from abroad. His internship in the Darien Gap community was extended due to some sort of outbreak, and he returned to England yesterday."</p>
<p>"So he truly did have plans for the summer," Riddle mused. Regulus said nothing, as the comment was not, he thought, intended for him. He had to wonder when Rigel might have made Lord Riddle aware of his summer plans, however. As far as he knew, his nephew hadn't seen Riddle since the New Year's Gala, at which point he had not yet secured his internship. "You have not seen him yet, then?" Riddle tilted his head at Regulus, disapproval in his voice.</p>
<p>Regulus bit back his first response, which was to tell his lord that he'd been <em>extremely busy</em> over the past week, certainly too busy to fabricate an excuse to visit his elder brother at their family home. His simmering temper and sharp tongue had not endeared him to Riddle in the past. Apparently only Severus brought forth Lord Riddle's amusement in that way.</p>
<p>"I have not," Regulus admitted evenly. "I have spoken to Lucius, however. His wife has invited Rigel to tea this Saturday afternoon. I may be able to secure an invitation—"</p>
<p>Riddle cut his hand in a short, horizontal movement that stilled Regulus' lips. "Don't trouble yourself, Regulus," Riddle said softly. There was a dangerous smirk tugging across Riddle's face. "I will endeavor to drop in on Lucius that afternoon and gain a first-hand appraisal of the boy. Well done."</p>
<p>It was faint praise, but Regulus still felt his shoulders relax without his impetus. Then he remembered the other task he had been appointed and they tightened once more. "About Heiress Potter," he began. Riddle's eyes sharpened and the smirk dropped as his lips pressed together in mild irritation. Regulus had mixed feelings about revealing this information to his lord, but he was not a liar—well, not today, at least. "She may be a bigger threat to your plans than we thought."</p>
<p>Riddle released an elegant sneer. "She didn't take to your advice, then?"</p>
<p>"Not in the least," Regulus confirmed. "She is at least as attached to Rigel as he is to her. Her influence over him is, I admit, greater than my own, and she's made it clear she brooks no attempt to separate the two."</p>
<p>"Arrogant girl," Riddle murmured. Regulus wasn't sure about that. Harriet Potter was stubborn, yes, and certainly spoke above her station, but Regulus didn't think she had an inflated opinion of her power in this particular situation.</p>
<p>When Riddle let the silence go unusually long, a dark scowl on his face, Regulus offered a rare piece of unsolicited advice to his lord. "You may consider involving Severus," he said. As Riddle's eyes locked onto his once more, Regulus silently asked his halfblood friend for his forgiveness. Severus would not thank him for what he was about to reveal. "He's been working with Heiress Potter this summer. I have no hold over the girl, but Severus… well, her goal is to become a Potions Mistress. It would be difficult to achieve with one of the most respected Masters of the field standing in her way."</p>
<p>The laugh that followed his suggestion was entirely pleased. "Regulus, your insight never ceases to inspire me. I have been treating this girl as I would a lion—a sharp smack to the nose and she ought to have flinched. Perhaps she requires a more serpentine approach." Riddle trailed his fingers back and forth on the arm of his chair, his face closed in thought. "Yes," he said at last. "The girl's ambition will be her downfall."</p>
<p>The note of finality in his voice didn't speak well for the girl's chances, but Regulus didn't pity her. He'd warned her to distance herself from his nephew, told her flat out she didn't belong in the circles he was being elevated into. That she didn't heed him was her own misfortune.</p>
<p>Riddle drew his hands together in a steeple. Over their tips, he said, "What of the tournament's preparations?"</p>
<p>Regulus was taken aback by the question. "My lord, you are…proceeding with that, in the wake of recent events?" He honestly assumed the grand scheme would be cancelled or at least postponed. The Wizarding World was up in arms over the travesty of the World Cup. It didn't seem wise to Regulus to present their indignation a large and ostentatious target.</p>
<p>"I'm certainly not going to write off months of work because a few masked imbeciles decided to lose their minds for an evening," Riddle said sharply.</p>
<p>"I only fear it may be seen as politically incendiary," Regulus said carefully. "Given the current atmosphere."</p>
<p>"It is incendiary in the way we need it to be," Riddle said, lowering his lids in a way that precluded further argument. "Our spectacle will refocus the community on what is important. It will look reasonable, compared to the manic fanatics at the Cup. Our legislation will be a natural extension of the point we prove. In any case, the Ministry's Department of Magical Games and Sports is now desperate for revenue to recompense the claims of property loss currently being levied against it. I couldn't stop our little show if I wanted to."</p>
<p>"And I suppose Messrs.' Bagman and Crouch will be so eager to see its smooth execution that your every demand will be satisfied," Regulus guessed. If he was not certain that his lord had nothing to do with the attack on the World Cup, he might wonder at the convenience. <em>No</em>, he mentally chided himself. <em>Not convenience</em>. <em>Riddle simply takes every advantage the world affords him.</em></p>
<p>The seated wizard smiled, and it was edged with dark satisfaction. "Indeed, Regulus. We may be moving in Dumbledore's jurisdiction, but this time I will have complete control of how the year plays out."</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>When Archie returned from the Darien Gap, it was to relieved smiles and concerned glances. Sirius especially hovered the first couple of days, scarcely letting Archie out of his sight except to sleep. When Harry and Archie were at last afforded some time alone, Archie was half-exasperated, half-saddened by the family's doting.</p>
<p>"It's like he didn't expect me to come back," he said, tracing invisible patterns in his green bedspread. "He keeps looking at me like he isn't sure I did come back. I haven't changed that much, have I?"</p>
<p>Harry knew he didn't want to hear it, but he really had changed. The Archie who came back from the Americas was solemn eyed and too mature, slower to laugh and quicker to fall silent. She knew he'd seen a great deal of suffering over the last few months, and she suspected the only reason the stress of that wasn't more visible was because of his metamorphing. Underneath the face that looked like hers, were his features wan and drawn? Were there lines across his brow, bags under his eyes? He gave off an aura of exhaustion, even if his physical form didn't reflect the underlying state. She had to smother her own concerned glances more than once, confident that he would not appreciate her worries.</p>
<p>"It's not just the internship," Harry reminded him. "Sirius can't forget what happened at the end of last year. He's afraid letting you go abroad just after such an experience was the wrong choice. He needs reassurance that you're healing, that so much time away, amidst tragedy and death, hasn't stunted your recovery."</p>
<p>Archie sighed. "I know, and I understand, but I can't pretend to be carefree and naïve just for the sake of it. I can't un-see what I saw, Harry. So much pain, so much senseless suffering. I thought I understood, after Mum, how short life can be, how quickly it can change; I didn't understand anything." His expression transitioned to something self-mocking that didn't suit her cousin at all. "I thought I was living life to the fullest, taking risks to achieve my dreams, but I haven't lived at all! I'm just cautiously creeping through the world, planning every step and every day as though I have thousands left. There aren't any guarantees, Harry."</p>
<p>Her eyes widened as he spoke. Was he saying… did he regret their ruse? She had always known, in the back of her mind, that it was a possibility. It wasn't something she'd planned for, however. Archie had always seemed so certain, at least as sure as she had been at every turn. "Do you—" She swallowed before continuing. "Do you want to stop? Go back to being ourselves?" Harry ignored the pang in her heart at the very thought. She carefully did not consider why it was not her potions career that flashed through her mind at the thought of abandoning their pretense, but Draco and Pansy, Rosier and Ginny, <em>Professor Snape</em>.</p>
<p>Archie looked at her and smiled softly. "No, Harry, I wouldn't do that."</p>
<p>"It's okay," she said, keeping her breathing steady by force of will alone. "It's your life, Archie, I've only borrowed it for a little while. Maybe it's time. Maybe we've gone as far as we can."</p>
<p>Archie took her hands and pulled her forward until his forehead touched hers. "I know you don't believe that, Harry. We aren't through yet. Anyway, I'm not saying I want to quit. I just… I want to do <em>more</em>, Harry. I'm going to take on another specialty this year. Advanced stage disease treatment is still my passion, but I want to learn a wider, more applicable field as well. I want to help as many people as I possibly can. Our ruse has given me this opportunity, but I haven't been taking full advantage of it."</p>
<p>"That—" She didn't know what to say, caught between acute relief and miserable guilt that she was so happy to keep living Archie's life. "If you're sure…" she said weakly.</p>
<p>"I'm more certain than I've ever been," Archie said. He pulled away and began to pace the room, growing more animated as he spoke. "I want to help you with your potions research. I know there's a way to tailor your invention to the medical realm. I want to go on a long vacation, just my dad and me. I want to teach Addie how to say my name properly. I want to kiss Hermione. I want—"</p>
<p>"Woah," she said, startled out of her dazed state. "When did you decide that?"</p>
<p>"Months ago," Archie said, waving his hand distractedly. "I decided it was too risky to tell her how I felt, but I'm not afraid anymore."</p>
<p>Harry thought ruefully that some fear might be a good thing. Was he really planning on starting a relationship with Hermione as Harry Potter? "Don't you think you should wait a little longer to—"</p>
<p>"No! No more waiting for me, Harry." Archie's face was alive with the force of his declaration. "I'm going to live with no regrets." After a moment in which they stared at one another, Archie blinked and relaxed slightly, a smile tugging at one side of his mouth. "Well, maybe I'll wait until we start school again. From her letters, she seems pretty focused on her clinic work right now. Thanks for that, by the way." He scowled playfully at her, and Harry could see a bit of the old Archie still glowing inside him.</p>
<p>"You're welcome," Harry said primly. After a beat, she added, "She's pretty great, your girl. Mrs. Hurst sings her praises to anyone who will listen."</p>
<p>"She's not my girl yet," Archie said, his smile dopey in its sweetness.</p>
<p>"Come on, lover boy." Harry stood and looped her arm through his. "Let's go see if Sirius wants to toss the Quaffle."</p>
<p>Archie's face relaxed into solemnness once more, but his eyes conveyed his contentment and gratitude. She bumped him playfully with her hip. He bumped her back, and she knew they would be fine. They were still a team, and whatever storm came their way, they could weather it together.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The Saturday after Archie returned, Rigel Black was cordially invited to Malfoy Manor for a mid-afternoon tea on the veranda. Archie gave Harry as thorough a debrief on the subject of his internship as possible, but Harry still felt underprepared to answer detailed questions about the experience. If pressed, she would intimate that she was uncomfortable talking about the suffering she'd witnessed. It felt cheap, but she was not above it.</p>
<p>Archie, as Harry, was spending the day at Hermione's house. She hoped he didn't do anything impulsive while there, but her cousin was nearly a grown man and could make his own decisions. She had other things to worry about, in any case. As she prepared to Floo from Grimmauld Place, she felt strangely disoriented, and not just because she dreaded using the clumsy form of magical transport. She struggled to put herself in Rigel's mindset, but the mask was harder to don this time. It was like a pair of shoes she hadn't worn in a while—like re-acclimating her feet to winter boots after a long summer in loose sandals.</p>
<p>She shook herself impatiently, brushing the feeling off like a physical thing. She'd already paid the Dominion Jewel a visit to see her aura repressed in preparation of resuming her role as Rigel. It really shouldn't be this difficult, after three years of practice.</p>
<p><em>I am Rigel Black</em>, she told herself. <em>I am a fourteen-year-old boy in Slytherin House who has spent the summer caring for diseased tribes in the Americas. I am going to my friend's house to catch up with his family and assure them that I am whole and healthy and mentally stable.</em> Yes. She nodded. That would do.</p>
<p>She stepped through the Floo and stumbled out the other side with inevitable fanfare. She climbed to her feet from where she'd landed sprawled on the Floo room rug and rubbed absently at her elbow as she looked around. There was no house elf to greet her, this time; instead, Draco was waiting impatiently on a settee. He stood slowly as she divested herself of the last of the fireplace dust and walked toward him.</p>
<p>"Draco, it's good to see you." She smiled and stepped closer, intending to hug her friend, but he didn't step forward to meet her so she stopped, somewhat awkwardly close, and tilted her head slightly in confusion.</p>
<p>"Rigel." Draco acknowledged her with a long look, straight-faced and serious. "Good to have you back." If Rigel hadn't seen as Harry how Draco missed Rigel over the summer, she might think from his greeting that he hadn't noticed her absence at all.</p>
<p>"Thank you for inviting me to tea," she said, falling back on polite formality in the wake of her bemusement.</p>
<p>"Mother invited you," Draco reminded her, still acting odd. Almost rude, in fact.</p>
<p>"Where is your mother?" Rigel asked.</p>
<p>"She's with Father," Draco said, finally turning toward the door. "Tea will be in half an hour. They wanted us to be able to catch up, first."</p>
<p>"That's kind of them," Rigel murmured, following her blond friend out into the hall. He led her through the maze-like mansion, up a very long flight of stairs and down another hall until they reached a door with a magnificent dragon carved and painted in exquisite detail on its surface.</p>
<p>"This is my room," Draco said, somewhat unnecessarily. He pushed the door open and led her inside before closing it again with a firm click.</p>
<p>She took a moment to look around. Draco's room was closer to a suite, really. She could see a connecting bathroom and double doors leading to a large closet on the far wall. To the right, a handsome four-poster bed sat overflowing with covers and pillows; none of the patterns really matched, making her think Draco had accumulated them in pieces over a long period of time. In addition to the set of claw-foot dressers and bedside tables, the room was dominated by a large desk and matching hutch, which was overflowing with books and parchment. The only decorations visible were a dozen brooms that had been mounted along the walls horizontally, at varying heights. The models were all different, with some looking to be quite old—much too old to have been Draco's as a child.</p>
<p>"I collect them," Draco said, his cool demeanor breaking momentarily as some embarrassment crept into his tone. Leave it to the Malfoys to let their child collect hideously expensive sports relics as a hobby.</p>
<p>"They suit the room," Rigel offered. The brooms were the only sign of personality in an otherwise stark space. It looked like the room of a boy who had recently outgrown childish things and subsequently got rid of them, yet hadn't had time to acquire new things. Her friend made a meaningless noise that was neither agreement nor disagreement. She sighed and said, "What's wrong, Dray?"</p>
<p>He scowled at her. "You really have to ask?"</p>
<p>"I'm not being deliberately obtuse, if that's what you're asking," Rigel said, her voice a bit dry. She wished Draco would just come out with whatever was bothering him. She couldn't fix it if she didn't know.</p>
<p>Draco's expression was both annoyed and incredulous. "You told your cousin about my empathy."</p>
<p>"I did," she said, blinking. "I tell Harry everything. You know that."</p>
<p>"So every secret I tell you is going to be passed along without consulting me," Draco bit out.</p>
<p>She hesitated. The answer was 'yes, absolutely,' but she knew that wasn't what her friend wanted to hear. She couldn't help that Rigel and Harry were the same person and she couldn't explain to Draco that there was no 'telling' involved at all. She supposed she could pretend as Harry to not know things about Draco, but wasn't that more dishonest?</p>
<p>He must have seen the answer in her eyes—or perhaps felt it from her emotions—because he growled and actually reached out to shake her by the shoulders, as though the movement might facilitate her understanding. "Rigel, I trusted you. Don't you understand why I'm upset?"</p>
<p>She nodded slowly, but still said, "If you trust me, you trust who I trust. You trust Harry."</p>
<p>"That's not how secrets <em>work</em>, Rigel." The blond threw his hands up in exasperation. Rigel allowed herself a small smile when he wasn't looking. If Draco was resorting to such dramatics, he wasn't really all that angry. She suspected he just wanted her to apologize.</p>
<p>Instead, a contrary instinct told her to needle him further. "Don't you tell Pansy everything you find out about my secrets?"</p>
<p>"That's different!" Draco had his theatrical outrage on a roll. "Pansy is friends with you, too."</p>
<p>"You could be friends with Harry," she suggested, only realizing after she said it that she was half-serious. Oh, the longing that simple idea invoked. Impossible, of course, but a worthy fantasy. "Here," she said after a moment of allowing him to glower at her unhappily. "I'm sorry I told Harry without consulting you. I should have at least warned you that she knew, so that you weren't surprised. I had hoped it wouldn't come up, honestly, but the World Cup is a madhouse. Since I couldn't be there, I wanted someone who could help to be nearby. Harry's Occlumency is almost as good as mine." The guilt that rose at the lie didn't even faze her. She had long become accustomed to the gnawing feeling in her stomach.</p>
<p>Draco's expression softened, then hardened again in suspicion. Draco was smart like that. "Which is it, Rigel; you would tell Miss Potter my secrets regardless or you did it for my own good?"</p>
<p>"Both." She smiled faintly at him.</p>
<p>"Then we're back to where we started." Draco rolled his eyes.</p>
<p>"You're mad at me again?" she clarified. Summoning a serious expression, she said, "I'm sorry, Draco."</p>
<p>"Sorry you betrayed me or sorry I'm mad at you?" Draco asked. When Rigel began to smile again he cut her off with a glare. "Don't say 'both.'" She closed her mouth but kept her smile. Draco scowled at her lack of repentance. "Why is it so difficult to stay mad at you? I used to be very good at being cross, but you drain it right out of me."</p>
<p>Rigel recalled an evening studying for a Transfiguration exam in which Draco had snarled at Theo for breathing through his mouth too loudly. Somehow she didn't think Draco had lost his ability to be annoyed.</p>
<p>Her friend's mouth twisted into a dissatisfied moue. "And the worst part is I know you haven't agreed to change the thing that upset me in the first place. Somehow I always just end up going along with it."</p>
<p>"Maybe it doesn't bother you as much as you thought," she suggested, not entirely helpful.</p>
<p>Surprisingly, Draco huffed an agreeing laugh. "Could be. Your cousin wasn't actually too overbearing about it. The worst part was explaining to Father how Potter knew." His silver eyes took on a worried sheen. "I told my parents it came up at your dad's birthday party, but I don't think they believed me."</p>
<p>Rigel winced inwardly. Draco had covered for her, to preserve Rigel's standing in the Malfoys' eyes at the expense of seeming indiscreet. She did not deserve such friends. That much had always been clear, but it had never ached so much.</p>
<p>She knew a more heartfelt apology was warranted, but before she could say anything a discreet pop signaled the arrival of a house elf. Not Dobby, who she recalled had been relieved of service to the Malfoys last summer as Draco's empathy asserted itself in the form of a sympathetic madness.</p>
<p>Instead, an older house elf with venerably long ears bowed briefly and said, "Tea is being served on the terrace, Young Sir."</p>
<p>Draco raised an eyebrow that was almost Snape-like in its dismissive annoyance. "Already?"</p>
<p>The house elf bowed again, blinking slowly as though to communicate that no additional words were necessary.</p>
<p>"Right." Draco shooed the servant into disappearing and grimaced apologetically at Rigel. "We'd better go directly."</p>
<p>Rigel didn't like to leave things unsaid between them. She supposed there would be time after tea to repair their friendship properly, though.</p>
<p>She followed him through the convoluted corridors, wondering vaguely whether Malfoy Manor had been designed to purposely drive invaders insane. They certainly were not taking the same path that they had coming to her friend's room earlier. It was only upon nearing the doors to the Manor's spacious lawn that she began to recognize her surroundings somewhat.</p>
<p>The terrace stone gleamed with a fresh polish as they stepped out into the late summer sun. While previously Rigel had only seen the veranda open and empty, it now featured a charming wicker and glass table shaded by an assortment of large silk cloths that had been artfully charmed to undulate above the seating in overlapping waves. Stepping nearer, she realized the spelled silk would also produce a gentle breeze as it moved over the heads of those at the table. Very clever.</p>
<p>Her appreciation for the arrangement took a sharp dive when she realized just who was sitting at the table. Her eyes skipped over the two Malfoys and locked with ominous incredulity on a coal-black head of neatly arranged hair. The man beneath it looked up and predatory blue eyes met her own Polyjuiced grey. It took every steel nerve she possessed to keep walking calming toward the group. By the time they reached the table, her face betrayed nothing of the inner unpleasantness that was churning her stomach.</p>
<p>This was the man indirectly responsibly for Pettigrew's presence at the castle last year. The man who'd set the search for the Dominion Jewel into motion, if the words of a deranged kidnapper could be believed. She did believe it, though. A savage sort of satisfaction went through her at the thought that she had foiled him. The Dominion Jewel was now beyond the reach of physical reality. Pettigrew was dead. She hoped Mr. Malfoy had indeed delivered her little message to Riddle at the end of term. She would have paid several galleons to have been there when it was delivered.</p>
<p>As Mrs. Malfoy rose to greet her, the two men rose from their seats as well. Mr. Malfoy was a mask of cool pleasantness. Riddle simply looked satisfied. <em>He thinks he has me right where he wants me</em>, she thought, allowing a caustic thrum to rush through her. <em>Someone really ought to take him down a peg.</em></p>
<p>From the corner of her eye, she could see Draco's head turning slowly to regard her, a frown pinching his brow into confusion. She tamped down on her emotion belatedly. She hadn't meant to reveal to her friend how much she disliked the unexpected addition to their tea party. Thankfully, Draco was distracted when he noticed the tarts piled on the center of the table. They were blueberry. He sent his mother an absolutely betrayed expression, which she countered with a quelling look of her own before turning her attention to Rigel.</p>
<p>"Welcome home, Rigel," Mrs. Malfoy said, coming forward to lightly embrace her around the shoulders. The warmth in her smile belied the gentle courtesy. "We are very glad to have you, and fortunate that Lord Riddle happened to drop by on some business for Lucius just as the table was being set."</p>
<p>She would bet her favorite cauldron that it hadn't been a coincidence. Rigel summoned her manners like a blanket to cover the icy irritation that Riddle's presence had stirred up. She smiled back at Narcissa with the strength of genuine regard. "I have not truly returned to England until this moment, my Lady. Thank you for your kind invitation."</p>
<p>"Nothing like a civilized gathering to wash away the ignoble remnants of foreign barbarism," Mr. Malfoy said. The slight ironic tilt to his mouth was the only thing that saved his comment from indecorous xenophobia.</p>
<p>"The world is vast and varied," Rigel said, hoping that sounded appropriately seasoned. Having never traveled much herself, she had no clue what other civilizations were like. She was not entirely convinced that an English tea service was the pinnacle of all human society, however. It seemed statistically convenient.</p>
<p>"Indeed," Riddle put in, holding a hand toward her imperiously. "You simply must regale us with tales of the Central American natives."</p>
<p>She reciprocated the gesture slowly. Handshakes were not terribly common in pureblooded customs, particularly after initial introductions had already been made. As her palm made contact with his, she had to clench her stomach against a sudden disquieting sensation. Her eyes widened as she recognized the feeling of magical core resonance. She clamped her throat against reflexive bile and broke the handshake quickly.</p>
<p>What in Merlin's name was that? There was absolutely no reason for her magic to resonate with Riddle's. Resonance only happened when sufficiently identical magical cores came into contact. She had never heard of it happening between two different people. The disgust she felt at the thought that her magic could be at all similar to Riddle's colored her words when she said, belatedly, "It wasn't all that interesting. I spent most of my time in sickrooms, not integrating with the tribes much at all."</p>
<p>"Draco mentioned some kind of quarantine," Mrs. Malfoy said sympathetically as they all claimed seats around the table. Rigel sat next to Draco, across from his parents with Riddle at the head of the table. "It must have been a very trying summer for you."</p>
<p>"I like to keep busy," Rigel said, bringing a small smile to her face. "Helping people is satisfying, and I learned a lot. Not a bad way to spend a few months. I didn't have anything better to do, in any case."</p>
<p>Riddle's expression was blank, but she could see the annoyance in his eyes when she blithely referred to his offer to 'train' her in magic as not worth considering. It wasn't as though she needed it, after all. The disaster of a few months ago had at least forced the confrontation with her magic to a head.</p>
<p>"That charitable attitude will serve you well as Head of House Black one day," Mr. Malfoy said approvingly.</p>
<p>"My cousin mentioned your own recent contributions to charity," Harry said politely. "House Black will be hard put to match the generosity of House Malfoy."</p>
<p>"Miss Potter is an interesting young woman," Mr. Malfoy observed. "Our interactions with her at the World Cup were… memorable."</p>
<p>"You look so much like her," Narcissa added, her eyes roving over Rigel's face almost incredulously before turning back to the tea service as she poured for all five of them.</p>
<p>She had expected this, and so her affected embarrassment was entirely practiced. "I can't really help it," she said, rueful sheepishness in every syllable. "My father thinks it's unconscious. I just end up looking like Harry, no matter what I do. It starts to drift if we don't see one another for a while, but then it accelerates once we are together again."</p>
<p>"That's why you always look so weird after you go home for winter or summer break!" Draco said, looking vindicated even as he doctored his tea with sugar. "Pansy and I thought you had highly irregular growth spurts."</p>
<p>Rigel laughed. "I'm just grateful my cousin isn't too feminine-looking."</p>
<p>"That's unkind," Mrs. Malfoy chided. She did not disagree, however.</p>
<p>Draco appeared to have just had a realization. "So this… isn't what you really look like?"</p>
<p>Rigel pretended to think about it unconcernedly for a moment as she took her first sip of the tea. It was black but laced with a subtle citrus, and not noticeably poisoned, which was always reassuring. "I suppose it's not what my genetics would project. I can't change it, though, so in effect this is my real appearance…for now, in any case." She diverted the subject before anyone could dig any deeper into her supposed-metamorphism. "I'm sorry to hear about the difficulties you encountered at the end of the World Cup match. The way Harry describes it, everything unfolded quite abruptly into chaos."</p>
<p>She could still recall the panicked energy of the crowd as it surged around her and the horrified fascination that bloomed at the sight of that snake-eating skull. She did her best to portray a clinical concern, however; as though she'd only heard the story second-hand.</p>
<p>"It was a shocking turn of events," Mrs. Malfoy agreed, shuddering delicately.</p>
<p>"An unforgivable lapse in security," Mr. Malfoy added, not seeming to notice the implied insult toward Lord Potter. "The more so as those responsible have yet to be apprehended."</p>
<p>"It is only a matter of time," Riddle asserted. "The miscreants will attempt another scene and tip their hand."</p>
<p>"Let us hope they are stopped before it comes to that," Mrs. Malfoy said, her voice a tad uneasy. Her gaze strayed to Draco and Rigel knew she was remembering how badly he'd been affected by the chaos and terror of that night.</p>
<p>"In the meantime, let us hope the country backs away from the edge of collective hysteria its been teetering toward," Mr. Malfoy drawled. "The <em>Prophet</em> is utterly out of control, printing sensationalist eyewitness accounts and wild speculation into the motives of those madmen."</p>
<p>"I suppose the Ministry is under a lot of pressure to do something about it," Rigel said. Her father certainly looked a lot more stressed when he came home from work these days.</p>
<p>"There's talk of legislation banning group protests," Mr. Malfoy said. He seemed amused, and Rigel supposed that was because a ban on protests was unlikely to have much effect on the group who made shambles of the World Cup. Likely the only result would be a decrease in people protesting the Ministry.</p>
<p>"That's convenient," Draco said, likely thinking the same thing.</p>
<p>"What is <em>not</em> convenient is the rash of anti-pureblood sentiment cropping up all over the place," Mr. Malfoy complained. "Our agendas are becoming associated with these anti-Muggle radicals and our legislative efforts have been blocked across the board since the incident. A total standstill on half a dozen projects, with no foreseeable compromise until these ruffians are brought to justice."</p>
<p>Riddle gave Mr. Malfoy a quelling look. "Mere reactionary nonsense," he assured the other man. "It is a question of narrative, and we shall give them a new one, won't we, Lucius?"</p>
<p>Mr. Malfoy inclined his head in acknowledgement. "The public will be distracted soon enough. Are the plans going forward, then?"</p>
<p>Rigel exchanged a look with Draco, but her friend seemed equally out of the loop. Were they talking about pushing legislation forward? They'd just admitted to being stymied in that area, so it must be something else. Whatever Riddle had planned would have to be pretty sensational to distract people from the historical catastrophe that the World Cup had been.</p>
<p>Mrs. Malfoy caught Rigel and Draco's questioning expressions and smiled. "You'll find out soon enough, boys."</p>
<p>"What does that mean, Mother?" Draco asked, eyes narrowing. "Why not just tell us now, if that is true?"</p>
<p>"And ruin the surprise?" Mr. Malfoy smirked. "Just you wait, Draco. It's going to be a very interesting year for you."</p>
<p>Rigel was getting a bad feeling in her stomach again. Riddle had promised. He had assured her that he would stop involving Hogwarts in his schemes. Surely she was misunderstanding, and he could not be planning something like that <em>again</em>. "I for one have had enough interesting years at Hogwarts," Rigel said, somewhat pointedly. "A quiet year would be nice, for once."</p>
<p>"No doubt," Riddle said smoothly. "A shame events are not always in our control. The Ministry as a whole has been organizing this year's upcoming entertainment for some time. Our allies are merely going to take advantage of the distraction to highlight some of the more convincing aspects of our party's platforms."</p>
<p>She didn't believe that anymore than she believed the smile on his face. Riddle was behind whatever it was. He was using the Ministry as a shield to get around their agreement. There was nothing she could do, she realized, except watch and wait and, if the necessity arose, attempt to undermine the man's plans once more. So she pasted an encouraging expression on her face and said, "Good luck with your endeavors this year, then. The SOW Party could use a bit of good press, I'm sure."</p>
<p>Mrs. Malfoy shot her an alarmed look, and Mr. Malfoy blinked at her in slow disbelief. Riddle merely smiled at her, though it no longer reached his eyes. "With Rigel Black supporting us, I'm sure our goals will be met posthaste."</p>
<p>Narcissa swiftly took control of the conversation, inquiring as to Draco's plans for his Dueling Club in the coming year. Rigel sipped her tea as her friend outlined the curriculum he'd come up with over the summer months. She lost the thread of discussion as her mind chased down various suspicions and theories about whatever it was Riddle and the SOW Party had in store for them. It was infuriating that Riddle thought himself so secure as to taunt her with the knowledge of a plot she could not prevent. He was looking for a reaction from her—why else come here, why even bring it up in front of her? He wanted something from her, and until she knew what that was she risked playing into his hands unknowing.</p>
<p>She would ask James, she decided. If the Ministry itself was truly involved in whatever it was, other people would know about it. The Auror Department was likely to be included in planning any large-scale event, particularly in light of the recent security incident on everyone's mind. She would not rise to Riddle's bait and press him for information—she had far more trustworthy sources.</p>
<p>She was drawn back into socializing when Draco asked if she minded his making Pansy the Dueling Club's deputy manager. She assured him that Pansy would make an excellent assistant coach. "You know I don't have the integrity for teaching," she added, joking.</p>
<p>"I wouldn't have imagined such a vice in you," Narcissa protested, smiling. She clearly expected a jest.</p>
<p>"Oh Rigel always cheats," Draco said, giving his mother a resigned look. "That's why he gets paired with Edmund so often—he doesn't mind being dumped in the dirt."</p>
<p>Rigel smiled winningly. "He shouldn't get so close to me. I can't help it if he's clumsy with his feet."</p>
<p>"It is amazing how many people become clumsy when <em>your</em> feet get too close to <em>theirs</em>," Draco said, shaking his head in mock censure.</p>
<p>"I just like to keep people on their toes," Rigel protested.</p>
<p>"Or <em>off</em> them," Draco shot back.</p>
<p>She couldn't deny that, so she merely sipped her tea again while the others laughed politely. The rest of the tea service proceeded surprisingly smoothly. Riddle kept his comments to neutral, non-provoking observations. Draco even deigned to eat one of the abominable non-strawberry tarts. When all the tea had been consumed, compliments were exchanged and the group rose to part ways.</p>
<p>"We look forward to hosting you again soon, Rigel," Narcissa said, resting one hand on Rigel's shoulder in a fond gesture.</p>
<p>"The anticipation is mine, Lady Malfoy." Rigel bowed briefly to Mr. Malfoy and nodded to Riddle somewhat stiffly. "Thank you for the scintillating conversation today, gentlemen. I am honored by the tolerance extended to an impertinent young man like myself."</p>
<p>"Enjoy the upcoming term," Mr. Malfoy said, a mysterious smirk coloring his words once more.</p>
<p>"Perhaps we shall encounter one another again soon," Mr. Riddle added. His polite expression was distant, but that didn't stop Rigel from getting the impression that his words were a promise. Or perhaps a warning.</p>
<p>"I'll walk Rigel to the Floo," Draco said, subtly tugging on Rigel's robe sleeve until she tore her gaze from Riddle's mockingly blank face and followed him back inside.</p>
<p>They walked for a few moments before Draco turned his head and frowned openly at her. "You really don't like Lord Riddle."</p>
<p>"I detest him," she said flatly. Draco had probably guessed as much already from what his empathy would be telling him.</p>
<p>"You shouldn't make it so clear," the blond boy admonished. "He is dangerous, no matter what you think of him personally."</p>
<p>"He already knows what I think of him," Rigel admitted. "Pretending won't make him less dangerous."</p>
<p>"I'm getting this 'don't stand too close to Rigel' instinct," Draco said, looking unnerved. "I hope you know what you're doing."</p>
<p>She didn't really. But she would as soon as she figured out what Riddle was up to. "Don't worry, Draco. I'm always careful."</p>
<p>"And yet it never does you any good," Draco muttered.</p>
<p>Rigel didn't disagree. He was almost depressingly correct. Despite the trouble she'd run into over the years, however, she had learned. She had grown. She was smarter, stronger, and no longer the naïve girl whose only wish was to study potions under Master Snape. She would not be controlled any longer by those who thought they could take advantage of her inexperience and youth. If Riddle sought to test her this year, he would be unprepared for the results.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The last days of summer passed too quickly. She had a dozen projects she wanted to finish before the train in September and not enough time left to please her. One task she made plenty of time for was the potion lessons she'd promised Leo for the Rogue's children.</p>
<p>After a couple of questions it was clear that the children knew almost nothing about potions beyond the names of the most common ones available for purchase at the average apothecary. She asked Rispah to organize a three-class series the second week in August and when nearly all of the children who'd attended the first class showed up at the third, she considered the program a tentative success.</p>
<p>They met in the courtyard at the Phoenix, Harry standing against one of the walls with a table of vials, each unlabeled and containing a sample of various good-to-know potions. The children sat on little stools in a semicircle facing her and each had been given a small chalkboard and a piece of chalk. Since this was their final lesson, they were playing a game.</p>
<p>Harry passed the vials around, each labeled one through eight, and the children took it in turns inspecting each vial and writing down which they thought was which. She collected the vials once more and then lined them up on the table so the labels were easy to see.</p>
<p>"Who thinks they know what number one is?" Harry asked.</p>
<p>Margo, easily her most eager student, raised her hand high. When Harry pointed to her, the curly haired girl said, "Cough syrup!"</p>
<p>"That's right," Harry said, smiling a little. It was actually Wheezer's Relief, but she wasn't wrong. "How did you know?"</p>
<p>"I remembered you said it was thick 'cause of the honey but red 'cause of the clover." Margo beamed.</p>
<p>"Very good." Harry pointed to the next one. "Who knows what this one is? Jason?"</p>
<p>Jason bit his lip but picked his head up bravely from where he was staring at his chalkboard and guessed. "Is it poison?"</p>
<p>Henry laughed loudly, but a look from Harry turned his laugh into a cough. She turned back to Jason. "Why do you think it's poison?"</p>
<p>"The cork is all shiny. You said the extra shiny corks are to make extra sure nothing gets out as shouldn't." Jason did not sound very sure of this, but his big hopeful eyes were devastatingly entreating.</p>
<p>"I did say that, good memory," Harry said. "A tightly sealed cork is a good clue. There's one other type of potion that people put really tight corks on, though. Do you remember?"</p>
<p>Jason shook his head sadly. Henry was quick to laugh again. Harry raised an eyebrow at the boy. He'd been the most restless student in her class, and even now his feet bounced impatiently against the dirt and his fingers drummed on his chalkboard. At her look, Henry stopped bouncing for a moment and said, "The expensive ones, right? Nobody wants to spill a potion that costs a galleon a drop!"</p>
<p>Harry nodded. "Exactly. This is Dreamless Sleep. In a way, Jason was right, too. Dreamless Sleep can be very bad for you if you take it too much. It is also very expensive, so for both those reasons it is usually tightly sealed. Also, you can tell it's Dreamless Sleep by the way it shimmers when you hold it up to the light, see? Very few potions will make a rainbow like that when the light goes through it."</p>
<p>She walked them through the rest of the potions slowly. They surprised her with the amount of information they remembered from just a couple of classes earlier in the week. Children could absorb knowledge at an astonishing rate. She thought it was a shame that formal schooling didn't start until eleven for most Wizarding children, and not at all for some, like those in her class. The tutoring system just wasn't enough, especially at the rates some charged for their services.</p>
<p>Harry and Archie had Remus, of course. He'd tutored them in most of their informal childhood education. Lily had taught her to read, but Remus had taught her History, Maths, Social Organization, and, of course, had introduced her to Potions. These kids didn't have a Remus. Maybe they should.</p>
<p>Leo walked into the courtyard just as they were finishing up for the day. He was met with a chorus of 'King Leo!' and 'Your Highness!' by the excitable class. Leo looked around with exaggerated surprise and planted his hands on his hips. "What is this?" he demanded. "A coup!?"</p>
<p>"Noo!" Cora laughed so hard she rocked back on her stool.</p>
<p>"We're in class, silly," Margo told him, giggling behind one hand.</p>
<p>"Well, if that was true, then you could tell me what you learned," Leo said, grinning down at them.</p>
<p>"Go on." Harry laughed. "Tell Leo your three-Cs."</p>
<p>"There are seven seas, Harry." Leo shook his head in exaggerated despair. "Honestly, what are you teaching them?"</p>
<p>Jason came to her defense at once. "The three Checking Cs!" he exclaimed. "The three things you have to check to figure out what potion it is."</p>
<p>"And what are the three Cs?" Leo asked.</p>
<p>"Color, consistency, and cork!" the children chorused perfectly.</p>
<p>"And what do you never, ever do with a potion you don't recognize?" Harry prompted.</p>
<p>"Smell it!"</p>
<p>"Touch it!"</p>
<p>"Taste it!"</p>
<p>"You all pass," Harry declared. "Good work, everyone. This is our last class for the summer, so I'll see you all in the winter, ok?"</p>
<p>The children cheered and scrambled toward the kitchen door. Leo snagged Cora's collar as she passed and held her behind. She pouted briefly, but managed to clasp her hands in a semblance of patience as Leo said, "Any word from the Ministry?"</p>
<p>Cora scowled. "They aren't gonna pay. Seil says the Games and Sports people says they only have to pay for the guests' stuff. Since we didn't have tickets to the match, our caravan doesn't matter!"</p>
<p>Leo nodded. "All right. I thought they might say that. Tell Seil to come by the Phoenix this week and the Rogue will give the troupe enough to buy a new caravan."</p>
<p>"Really?" Cora's green eyes lit up in her small face. "Thank you, Highness!"</p>
<p>Leo held up a hand. "It comes with a condition. Seil's troupe will pay double taxes starting next year and continuing until the cost is paid back."</p>
<p>"Okay! I'll go tell him right now!" Cora saluted Leo sharply and ran into the kitchen with a wide smile.</p>
<p>Harry waited until the girl had disappeared inside before asking, "Did her caravan burn in the fire?"</p>
<p>"And everything they owned inside it," Leo said. His face was shadowed as he shook his head in disgust. "The Ministry is trying everything they can to get out of paying reparations for the personal property damaged or lost in the World Cup fiasco. The Department of Magical Games and Sports is nearly bankrupt, and the slew of sponsors pulling their support in the wake of public outrage isn't helping. They can't even afford to refund the tickets they sold, much less replace all that was consumed by the flames."</p>
<p>"So the Rogue is helping out?" Harry smiled. "That's nice of you."</p>
<p>"It's only a no-interest loan," Leo said, shrugging. "We can afford to do that much. The tournament this summer was more successful than we hoped. A lot of the proceeds have been invested into projects to see us through the winter comfortably, but there's enough coin left over for unexpected trouble."</p>
<p>Harry nodded, thinking it was lucky that the Rogue had organized the tournament when they did. Leo's position would be doubly secure, having demonstrated his ability to defend the Lower Alleys both physically and economically in times of hardship. He really did make a good king, for all that it seemed absurd for a young man of his years to take on such a title.</p>
<p>Harry returned the potion samples to her kit and Leo helped her carry the table back through the kitchen and into the Phoenix's main dining area. Solom was at her elbow with a glass of cold milk in his hand before she'd even brushed the dust from her hands.</p>
<p>Leo looked pityingly at her as he accepted a mug of ale from the old innkeeper and sat down to kick up his heels on the bench. "When will you let your hair down, lass? Everyone around here knows your secret, after the tournament. You could relax for once."</p>
<p>"I am very relaxed," Harry assured him, taking the seat across from him. She rested her chin on one hand in pointedly languid repose and drank deep from her cup with the other. "And everyone only knows I'm a girl now. They don't know who I am, who my family is. Or do you think no one would care that my father is the man responsible for the periodic raids on their homes and businesses? I'd be branded a spy, and your job security would probably take a hit just for associating with me."</p>
<p>Leo winced. "That may be overstating it."</p>
<p>"Not by much." Harry smiled. "Besides, I don't need that stuff to unwind."</p>
<p>"How do you know if you've never tried it?" Leo asked, teasing again. "Maybe you've never truly unwound in your life."</p>
<p>"Most mechanisms intended to be wound work best when they <em>are</em>," Harry pointed out.</p>
<p>"But not too tight." Leo countered.</p>
<p>Harry shrugged. "Depends on how much pressure the spring in question can withstand, I suppose. It would surely take an inordinate amount of tension to wind a thing too far."</p>
<p>"If anyone could…" Leo held up a hand to ward off the drops of milk she flicked his way. "All right! Sorry, Princess. I'll leave you to your milk."</p>
<p>"You can't fool me, anyway," Harry said. "I know you only drink ale to look more mature to your constituents. Once I caught you switching your glass for Marek's empty one when he wasn't looking."</p>
<p>Leo's eyebrows rose. "Did you now? It seems I am the one who shouldn't relax around you."</p>
<p>"You can never relax," she said, grimacing apologetically. "But then, you signed up for that." Leo toasted her words silently. Changing the subject, she asked, "Have you had any luck tracking down the man I told you about the night of the finals?"</p>
<p>Leo put his cup down and leaned across the table to speak more quietly. "Not luck as such. Marek's been investigating relentlessly. He's like a dog with a bone, convinced that everything is connected to Scar."</p>
<p>"Did you manage to peg him for drugging you?" Harry frowned, remembering her friend fighting for his life in such a state.</p>
<p>"No proof," Leo said. "One of the lads hired for serving in the dueler's pavilion was gone by the end of the match, but his references turned out to be falsified. Scar hasn't surfaced at all since the match, though that doesn't stop Marek looking."</p>
<p>Harry nodded, falling into a pensive silence as she swirled the dregs of milk around the bottom of her cup. The lower alleys had had their share of difficulties in the last couple of years. Claw. Scar. The masked man recruiting fighters. Was it fanciful to imagine that it could all be connected? Perhaps. Would it be worse if it turned out the events were connected, and they missed it? Assuredly.</p>
<p>"I could ask my father to look into—"</p>
<p>"Please don't." Leo's gaze was understanding, but firm. "Any Auror-types poking around down here is more likely to cause us trouble than our enemies."</p>
<p>Harry allowed the matter to drop. It didn't mean she couldn't keep her ear to the ground, though. If she had developed one thing over the last three years, it was an instinct for secrets.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Her evening dueling lessons with Remus had taken a rather intense turn after he'd learned of her participation in the Rogue's tournament. When Sirius deigned to join them, Remus stuck with the usual formal style, though he ramped up both the speed and intensity at which he cast. On the evenings it was just the two of them, however, Remus revealed just how many tricks he'd been holding back. Those nights, Harry didn't leave his flat feeling anything less than pummeled.</p>
<p>After the World Cup, however, the lessons changed again. Harry was in the kitchen at Potter's Place one evening, filling up her water bottle, when her mother came downstairs dressed in the lightweight shirt and shorts she normally reserved for gardening. "Harry," Lily said, smiling a bit awkwardly. "Would it be all right if I come to your lesson with Remus tonight? I've been thinking that it would behoove me to get back into shape, if you don't mind making room for me."</p>
<p>Harry blinked in surprise, but nodded. "Of course, Mum. It'll be fun."</p>
<p>They Flooed through to Remus' condo and descended the stairs to the basement. In the home gym they found not only Remus but Sirius and Archie too. Archie laughed at Harry and Lily's surprised looks. "We had the same idea, Aunt Lily," her cousin said. Harry wondered if hearing about what had happened at the Cup had inspired Archie as well, or if it was the fear of Hermione learning that Harry had participated in a tournament that summer. Either way, she was glad of it. The world was not as safe as many people assumed, and Harry knew that better than most.</p>
<p>Remus smiled broadly at them all and said, "Ready to warm up?"</p>
<p>Harry thought she was the only one who looked appropriately wary at the sandy-haired man's smile turned anticipatory. "Weights or no weights?" she asked. Lately they had been focusing a lot on speed and agility, and Harry almost always had to duel with weighted boots and gauntlets. Remus claimed she would be able to dance out of the way of spells once she took them off, but Harry had been too exhausted by his regimen to test his word.</p>
<p>"Let's start with bodyweight exercises, and see how our new charges do," Remus said. So that was his game. Harry now doubted whether they'd get to duel at all. She vividly remembered her first encounter with what Remus considered an adequate starting point. "Harry, you lead. I'll watch everyone's form."</p>
<p>She nodded and took a spot on the edge of the clear space in Remus' basement that they used for practice matches. Lily, Archie, and Sirius made a line in the rest of the space and looked at her expectantly. Harry dropped into a push-up position gamely and turned her head to make sure everyone was ready before lowering her elbows to right angles and rising again. "One." She kept the pace slow and steady, focusing on form more than speed. On "Twenty" she turned her head and grinned to see Archie lying on the ground with his chin in his hand, grimacing at her. Lily was still pushing, though her arms shook with the effort, and Sirius… was doing one-handed pushups. "Show off," Harry said.</p>
<p>"Finish up, Harry," Remus said, shaking his head slightly. "Lily, that's enough for tonight. Try to do as many as you can once a day until you can do at least forty. Archie… did you just stop because you were tired?"</p>
<p>"And my arms hurt," Archie said, blinking. "Was I supposed to keep going after it hurt?"</p>
<p>"Generally, yes," Remus said, smiling slightly. "It's supposed to be uncomfortable. If you ever get to the point that it isn't hard, you're probably ready to move on to something else."</p>
<p>"Hmm, this isn't going to be like Quidditch, is it?" Archie looked resigned, but not too disheartened.</p>
<p>"Don't tell me you never did this sort of thing while you were on the House team," Sirius said, laughing at his son. "I know James did while we were in school. Team workouts can't have changed that much."</p>
<p>"That was ages ago," Archie said, waving a hand dismissively. "I'm sure it'll come back to me. What's next?"</p>
<p>"Squats," Harry and Remus said together. They exchanged an amused look. In a way it was heartening to see the level at which Archie performed and realize how far she'd progressed. Now they just had to get the others there.</p>
<p>After thirty minutes of mildly grueling warm-up work, Remus split their group. "Lily with Sirius. Work on getting back into the rhythm, Lily. Harry and Archie, you're against me."</p>
<p>Harry went to the equipment racks and put on her weighted boots and belts. When Archie cocked his head questioningly at her, she shook hers. "You won't need one yet."</p>
<p>"You won't need a wand, either," Remus said cheerfully. "We're dodging today."</p>
<p>Harry suppressed a groan. If she never got hit with another stinging hex, it would be too soon.</p>
<p>"Is this going to hurt?" Archie asked, eyeing Harry's slumped shoulders apprehensively.</p>
<p>"Only if you're slow," Remus said.</p>
<p>"Why do you do this again, Harry?" Archie shot her a puzzled glance. "It isn't fun at all."</p>
<p>"Oh I don't know," Harry said, pretending to think about it. "Remus seems to have fun."</p>
<p>"This is punishment for spending the summer in the Americas, isn't it?" Archie sighed as he faced off next to Harry against their uncle's wand.</p>
<p>"Think of it as a reward for a lifetime of indolence," Harry suggested, shifting her weight to her toes and widening her stance.</p>
<p>"A lifetime? I'm fourteen!" Archie protested.</p>
<p>"Pay attention!" Remus barked. Two stinging hexes left his wand and there was no more time for banter.</p>
<p>When they wrapped up for the night, sweaty and, in Harry and Archie's case, nursing a number of tender spots, the two cousins exchanged a wordless glance and deliberately hung back while Lily headed for the stairs. "I'll meet you at Grimmauld Place for dinner," Harry told her mother. "Got to ask Remus something real quick."</p>
<p>Lily smiled tiredly and thanked Remus and Sirius before Flooing home, presumably to shower and change for supper. As Sirius finished stretching and made his own move toward the stairs, Archie cleared his throat and said, "Dad, could we, ah, talk to you too for a moment?"</p>
<p>Sirius raised his eyebrows and looked curiously at Remus, but the werewolf simply shrugged. "Don't ask me," Remus said shrewdly, eyeing Harry and Archie's too innocent faces. "These two seem to have something besides dueling on their minds."</p>
<p>"As you know, Harry and I are starting our fourth year in school," Archie said. "Many witches and wizards our age are coming into magical gifts and family magic, and it's a great time, developmentally speaking, for us to begin training in more advanced magic."</p>
<p>"Is that so?" Sirius had a lazy grin on his face, but appeared to be humoring them so far.</p>
<p>"Oh yes," Harry said, earnest hope just shining from her wide eyes. "Archie and I have been thinking that it's high time we began honoring the family tradition and really growing into our place as the next generation of Marauders."</p>
<p>Remus was looking at her with dawning suspicion. "Harry, this better not be about—"</p>
<p>"Please teach us to be animagi!" Archie cried. He fell to his knees before Sirius, arms clasped over his head in a facsimile of prayer.</p>
<p>Belatedly, Harry sank to her own knees and smiled winningly up at her uncles, though Remus' frown was not encouraging. "Please, Uncle Remus, Uncle Sirius. We want to make you proud. I'm sure Archie and I are up to the challenge."</p>
<p>Sirius was beginning to frown, too. "Animagus training is tricky stuff. Not to mention dangerous."</p>
<p>"Which is why we didn't want to start looking into it on our own," Harry said quickly. "That would be irresponsible when we have two competent adults to supervise our training."</p>
<p>"Three," Remus reminded her sternly. "And don't think we haven't noticed that you chose to ask us after your mother left the room."</p>
<p>"James and Lily are going to be a hard sell on this," Sirius admitted. At the look Remus shot him, he held up his hands. "I'm not saying yes! But if we did—"</p>
<p>"We are <em>not</em>."</p>
<p>"—<em>if</em> we did, James probably shouldn't find out right away," Sirius said, blinking innocently at Remus. "I mean, it's his job to arrest them if they succeed."</p>
<p>"Sirius you cannot be considering this." Remus was visibly exasperated. "They are too young."</p>
<p>"James and Dad were our age when they did it," Archie helpfully reminded him.</p>
<p>"And they were incredibly irresponsible," Remus said. "I cannot in good conscience be a party to this."</p>
<p>Archie stood slowly and Harry followed suit. With another silent glance they both smiled and began nodding reluctantly. "We understand, Uncle Remus," Archie said. "Sorry to worry you."</p>
<p>"We'll shelve the idea for now," Harry added. They collected their towels and water bottles and headed up to the Floo. Their first attack had been a failure, but that didn't mean they were giving up. They would just have to approach Sirius on his own. The loss of Remus' support wasn't ideal, but in the end it was Sirius who had the actual animagus experience. Remus was brilliant at magical theory, and probably would have good understanding of the process, but Sirius' insight was what they really needed.</p>
<p>They could be patient. It was practically in their nature, by now.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Krait was running through her Protection Potion (she refused to call it 'Potter's Portable Protection Potion' no matter what the glaringly lurid posters advertising it in the Serpent's Storeroom windows proclaimed) as if the world was running out of Wardsmiths. The base it relied upon was one of the simplest potions in existence—a second-year could brew it, she didn't doubt. Still, her ingredient kit was not bottomless, and weeks of experimenting combined with a shocking rise in recent sales meant she needed to restock her lab with basics.</p>
<p>She set out for Tate's midmorning, planning to get her shopping done by noon and miss the lunch rush. She had a couple of things on backorder that might not be ready until later in the day, but more often than not Tate overestimated the time it would take to fill. Her potions kit hung from her shoulder, as it would be easier to stock her new purchases straight into the expanded compartments rather than lug them all home in bags.</p>
<p>Jason waved at her shyly from Eeylops and she waved back with a smile. He was a good kid, though she doubted he'd ever be particularly gifted at potions. None of the children she'd been instructing in the alleys had a real flare for the subject, but then the same could be said of her classmates at Hogwarts. Potions wasn't a subject that drew many people to it on its own merits.</p>
<p>She stepped into Tate's shop and paused for a moment to just inhale the smell of earth and preservatives. Not a pleasant smell by most standards, but Tate's was a home away from home for her and had been since the first time she sneaked away to explore it while her uncles were mooning over a Quality Quidditch display. It seemed much smaller, now, the shelves no longer intimidating shrines to the exotic but rather as familiar to her as the halls of Potter's Place.</p>
<p>She plucked a basket automatically from the stack on her way toward the sale shelves. Plenty of ingredients were still useful even after they'd lost the blush of life and become brittle or even brown. Some things had to be fresh to be potent, but for others the magic lingered even in the early stages of decomposition.</p>
<p>Besides, if they weren't purchased they'd be used as compost—a waste.</p>
<p>She took a bundle of the ginseng almost reflexively. She had plenty in her kit. Still, though. The Queen Anne's Lace looked all right, too. She took a disposable napkin from the pile kept on the shelf for the purpose of casual handling and turned the small clusters to check for rot. Satisfied, she stacked any bundles with a good amount of flowers in her basket. On the fifth bundle, her hand froze and she narrowed her eyes at the little white flowers. They looked very similar to the rest of the plants, and yet…there was just a hair too much space between the petals. It was hard to tell because of the way they'd been tied together, but the umbels also didn't look quite right in the way they branched.</p>
<p>Harry scoured the shelf and pulled out one other suspicious-looking bundle, carefully using the napkin to protect her skin as she carried them down the aisle and over to the front counter. The proprietor wasn't there, so she called, "Mr. Tate? Do you have a minute?"</p>
<p>A cheerful voice called out from the back room. "Just a moment!" She'd just set her basket down when Tate rounded the doorway behind the counter, wiping his hands on his apron absently. "Miss Potter! My favorite little customer!"</p>
<p>"Not so little anymore," Harry reminded him.</p>
<p>Tate waved her words aside with a smile. Today his curly brown hair was escaping its ponytail in every direction. He looked energized and his brown eyes creased at the edges as he said, "Guess who else paid me a visit today?" Harry shook her head, bewildered. Tate raised his voice toward the back room, "Boy, leave those fangs alone and come say hello to your friend!"</p>
<p>"We're not friends."</p>
<p>Harry recognized the elegant drawl and suppressed a groan. Her day had been so promisingly uneventful. Caelum Lestrange appeared behind the counter as if he had every right to be there, never mind that the last time she'd seen him in the apothecary he'd been storming out of the place.</p>
<p>"Lestrange, always a pleasure," Harry said, summoning a smile with only a little effort.</p>
<p>"The lad's finally come to pay his tab." Tate clapped Lestrange on the back and positively twinkled at him. Harry felt her eyes go wide and wondered if anyone had ever touched Caelum Lestrange with so much familiarity. The handsome boy certainly looked a bit like a dog trying not to bite the hand that fed it.</p>
<p>"Indeed," Lestrange said, scarcely a sniff detectable in his voice. "Mr. Tate was just showing me some of his more unusual ingredients."</p>
<p>Harry felt a slight twinge in her chest. Tate… had a secret store of special ingredients? And he'd shown them to <em>Lestrange?</em> She felt a little betrayed. The expression on Lestrange's face said he could tell, and he was enjoying her disappointment. "You can't beat the quality here," she said, deciding not to engage the question hanging in the air between them.</p>
<p>"Yes, well." Tate at least looked a bit uncomfortable. "Every so often I come across an oddity that doesn't much appeal to mainstream brewers, so… I just keep it off the shelves until someone with a particular interest happens to drop by."</p>
<p>Harry read the truth in Tate's worried brown eyes. He had ingredients of questionable legality or morality in the back. She supposed it really didn't matter if he hadn't ever offered to show her because she was a young, naïve-looking girl or because her father was an Auror. Either way, she likely wasn't going to get to see them today.</p>
<p>She gestured to the bundles of flowers she'd pulled from the shelf and said, "I just wanted to let you know I think some hemlock was mixed in with your Queen Anne's Lace."</p>
<p>Tate's face grew worried for an entirely different reason. "Surely not," he said, pulling a pair of gloves out of one of his apron's many pockets to protect his skin before picking the flowers up gently. He turned them this way and that, a frown slowly overtaking his countenance. "It's difficult to tell with the stalks and leaves cut off," he muttered.</p>
<p>Harry nodded. Most of the obvious differences between the two lay in the lower parts of the plant. The flowers were almost identical. "Compare them to these," she said, bending to retrieve one of the actual Queen Anne's Lace clusters from her basket.</p>
<p>Lestrange, who never doubted that his opinion was wanted, took it from her and pulled the flowers down and away from the center. "See this?" He indicated a single, tiny red flower in the very middle of the white clusters. "This is how you know it's Queen Anne's Lace. Like a drop of blood in the center."</p>
<p>Tate untied the suspect flowers so that he could better pull their umbels apart. The bundle fell naturally into a much wider, rounder shape once free of the string. "Good Merlin, it is hemlock," he breathed. Dropping the poisonous flowers, he discarded his gloves hurriedly and retrieved a thick logbook from under the counter. "I got that shipment last week. Didn't sell much, went to the sale shelf this morning…" He began paging through the book with feverish intensity. Every now and then he scribbled something down on a scrap piece of parchment. After a few minutes in which Harry exchanged a series of silent, awkward glances with Lestrange, Tate stood up straight and wiped his brow with the back of his wrist.</p>
<p>"Five people purchased Queen Anne's Lace since that shipment," Tate said. "Mr. Lestrange, I'm sorry, but I will have to continue our discussion another day. I must contact these customers immediately and pray that no irreparable harm has been done." His eyes moved down the short list and he sighed in obvious dismay.</p>
<p>"What is it?" Harry asked, frowning slightly as well. She had hoped she was just being paranoid. Hemlock was extremely dangerous even in small quantities, and Queen Anne's Lace was used in a few fairly common contraceptives. It reacted entirely differently from hemlock in a potion, of course, but an inexperienced brewer might not notice.</p>
<p>"I have contact information for only three of these customers," Tate said. "One I have a name for, but no address, and the last…" He gulped visibly. "It was a vampire. Merlin preserve me if I poisoned a vampire."</p>
<p>"Which vampire?" Harry asked, peering at the list upside down.</p>
<p>Tate shuddered. "Was too nervous to ask for his name. I remember this one. He came in last Tuesday evening, just after I'd put the fresh shipment on the shelves. Those yellow eyes gave me the willies."</p>
<p>The list just said 'tall vamp with dark hair,' which probably described eighty percent of vampires. "Did you see a cloak?" she asked. "A black one or a grey one?"</p>
<p>"Black, I think." He didn't sound too sure, but it was a good starting place.</p>
<p>"A black cloak in these alleys means he's probably a member of the Strigoi Shrouds," Harry reasoned. "If he was a Carpathian, he'd have had a grey cloak. The Shrouds all live in the same compound, so a message there will reach whoever bought the Queen Anne's Lace, if he really was a member. If not, they may at least know how to find a random vampire or to get the word out about the mix-up."</p>
<p>Tate stared at her for a moment. He seemed unenthused about the prospect of being in any sort of contact with vampires. Lestrange was more pointed in his critique. "If he shows up in a vampire den and admits to accidentally poisoning one of them, they will drain his blood in forfeit. Idiot."</p>
<p>She thought the insult was a bit uncalled for. "It was an honest mistake, and it was the supplier's error, not Mr. Tate's. I'm sure if you explain, Count Aurel will understand."</p>
<p>"How do you know one of their names?" Lestrange gazed at her with mounting incredulity. "You sound like you hang out with those… those inhuman <em>things</em>."</p>
<p>Harry rolled her eyes. "Careful Lestrange, your upbringing is showing."</p>
<p>Before Lestrange could snap back, Tate leaned forward to ask, most earnestly, "Miss Potter, are you saying you know how to contact these vampires? You could get a message to them?"</p>
<p>"Well…" Harry had really planned to do other things that day. Still, it was potentially a matter of life and death, so she couldn't exactly refuse. "I can make a trip that way, sure. Is it okay if I leave my basket here? I'll come back for it after I deliver the message."</p>
<p>Mr. Tate nodded quickly. "Of course, Miss Potter. Perhaps you could take Mr. Lestrange with you, if you're going somewhere unsavory."</p>
<p>Harry tried not to smile. She did eye Lestrange's skinny build briefly before shaking her head, just to see the older boy flush in annoyance. "Thanks, Mr. Tate, but I can handle myself. Besides, you should send Lestrange to Gringotts with the name of the other customer. The goblins may be willing to part with some contact information for you if you explain the dire circumstances. If nothing else, the goblin nation likes to have wizards in their debt." Tate grimaced, but had to agree it was the best course of action for the last name. Lestrange looked mutinous, but Harry spoke again before he could protest. "We can meet back here after and you can tell me how your Shaped Imbuing is coming along."</p>
<p>His fine features froze in indecision before he sneered. "I hope you have all afternoon. I've made ample progress in the necessary exercises."</p>
<p>"It's a date," Harry simpered. The splotchy anger that bloomed on Lestrange's face was more than worth the indulgent smile Tate gave them.</p>
<p>"It is <em>not</em>—"</p>
<p>Harry left the shop before Lestrange could work up too much steam. She had been in the apothecary long enough that the crowds were beginning to swell in Diagon. As she turned toward the branch with Knockturn, she spotted Margo under an awning with a basket of purple flowers that sort of looked like daisies. "Asters?" she asked, coming closer and peering into the basket.</p>
<p>Margo smiled toothily. "They bloom best in late summer," she confided.</p>
<p>Fishing a couple knuts from her purse, Harry exchanged them for a flower. "Can you carry a message to Leo for me?" she asked, looping the Aster through her belt. "It's pretty important."</p>
<p>The red-haired girl nodded, curls bouncing. "Definitely. Right now he's…" she pursed her little mouth into a moue of thought. "Probably meeting with the shops owners. What's the message?"</p>
<p>"There was a mistake at the apothecary and a vampire was sold a dangerous poison by accident. I'm going to the Lamia Lodge to talk to whoever is there about it, but Leo might want to know in case the Shrouds get upset." Harry tilted her head at Margo. "Got all that?"</p>
<p>Margo nodded, though she looked a little uneasy. "Leo won't like it if you visit the vampires alone."</p>
<p>"I'll be okay," Harry promised. Margo bit her lip but nodded and hefted her basket up so the handle rested on her shoulder and the bottom was cradled close to her side. As the girl took off, Harry realized it was a practiced posture—she was fast.</p>
<p>Harry walked slowly, mentally trying to compose an explanation for the hemlock that didn't put Tate in any danger of retaliation. She was also a little worried about missing the turnoff. She'd only been to the Lamia Lodge once, after all, and it was over a year ago in linear time, considering how much she'd folded with her time-turner the last few months of the term.</p>
<p>When she found the right building, she recognized it without needing to glance at the crookedly hung numbers above the knocker. All the narrow windows at street level were boarded up—not in a neat, preparing for a bad storm sort of way, but in a deliberately creepy, haunted house aesthetic. The boards crisscrossed haphazardly and left gaps, though the glass behind the boards was clearly blackened so that no light would pass through regardless.</p>
<p>She approached the ugly grey door, ignoring the scratches dramatically framing the doorknob, and grimaced as she swung it open and the hinges once again produced that horrid squeal she remembered. If she ever had reason to come to the Lamia Lodge again, she vowed she would bring oil for those criminally neglected mechanisms. The carpet in the entryway was faded and let a small puff of dust escape at her every step. She didn't know how anyone—even vampires—could live this way, but she supposed they didn't have to breathe in any case.</p>
<p>The lobby looked, if anything, slightly shabbier than the last time she'd been there. The desk still stood in one corner of the room, but it was missing a leg now and listed to one side. Its angle of incline did not appear to bother Gavril, who slumped in a mimicry of sleep over the desk. He might have been there all day, were it not for the dust floating through the air around him to slowly re-settle where it had been recently disturbed.</p>
<p>"Good morning, Mr. Gavril," Harry said. She waited patiently as the thin vampire roused himself with exaggerated lethargy. His long, flat hair parted around his waxy features as his head lifted, and his black eyes finally latched onto her with a faintly surprised expression.</p>
<p>"It's you," he breathed, his voice both a rasp and an echo. In a matter of moments, he had abandoned his theater and rounded the desk to stand in front of her. Gavril was still ridiculously tall, looming over her with a height that was just unnecessary. Leaning down to inspect her, he said, "Wearing your young skin today? At least you smell better than last time."</p>
<p>Harry didn't bother answering his implied inquiry—it wasn't any of his business why she had taken an aging potion while she stayed at the Lodge. "Alas, I cannot say the same for you, sir." As she expected, the vampire laughed; Gavril found endless amusement in the world. She pointedly did not eye his gleaming fangs as they flashed in the dim lighting.</p>
<p>"Have you come to stay with us again, child?" Gavril looked almost hopeful, though she told herself she was imagining it. "Irina will be so glad to see you."</p>
<p>"Don't put words in my mouth, Gavril." The redheaded vampiress herself appeared at the head of a staircase that led down to a lower floor. Today her deep red locks drifted in soft waves behind her as she moved unhurriedly to join her mate. "You again? Don't tell me this is your preferred vacation destination."</p>
<p>Harry shook her head. "I've actually come to speak to Count Aurel. It's a matter of some urgency."</p>
<p>"Nothing is urgent to us," Irina said, her low voice unconcerned.</p>
<p>"It may be a matter of life and death," Harry said, frowning slightly. Come to think of it, could vampires be poisoned? Even if not, they surely wouldn't appreciate a perceived attempt, she reasoned.</p>
<p>"How interesting." Gavril turned his head at an unnatural angle, presumably to better observe her blank expression. "Unfortunately for you, the Count is not here."</p>
<p>She nodded her understanding. "Then perhaps you could help me, Mr. Gavril. You are his deputy, right?"</p>
<p>By the way the two vampires sank into eerie stillness at her words, she thought perhaps that was not the sort of thing that random humans were supposed to know. Before she could wonder whether her chances of being eaten had just risen sharply, she heard the awful, cringe-worthy screech that signaled the front door to the hotel opening. Harry turned around to see Leo stepping briskly into the lobby and couldn't prevent relief from softening her posture at the sight of his confident stride.</p>
<p>"Harry, there you are," Leo said, smiling in a way that was just a tad practiced. "I wondered if you would go ahead without me."</p>
<p>Gavril drew back ever so slightly from where he'd been hovering over her. "You neglected to mention that your business for the Count was from the Rogue."</p>
<p>"I was just getting to that." Harry's smile was sweet as Leo came to a stop beside her. Irina flashed a single fang at her in a returning smile. Harry made a mental note that vampires didn't like surprises.</p>
<p>Leo's hand on her shoulder made her jump slightly, so focused had she been on the vampiress's vaguely menacing smile. "Why don't you tell them why we're here, Harry?"</p>
<p>She relaxed into the story she'd rehearsed mentally on the way over. "I happened to be in the apothecary on Diagon this morning when Mr. Tate discovered that he'd received a duplicitous shipment the week before. What had been sold to him as Queen Anne's Lace actually had a small amount of hemlock mixed in. He was quite concerned for his customers' safety, and began contacting anyone in his logs who had bought the tainted shipment at once. Unfortunately, he did not have contact information for a male vampire who patronized his shop last week. Mr. Tate recalled that he wore a black cloak." She eyed the black fabric draping around the two vampires meaningfully.</p>
<p>Gavril and Irina lost some of their unnatural stillness, and Gavril inclined his head as he finished speaking. "So you've come to look for him here."</p>
<p>"We wanted to ensure that your coven was informed of the mistake at once," Leo said. "I would hate to see a vampire caught up in an accident if it could be prevented."</p>
<p>"And it would be a shame if the mistake were discovered by Count Aurel later, and offense taken at the carelessness of this man," Gavril said. She thought she could detect a small hint of amusement in his eyes despite the grave tone of his voice.</p>
<p>"Just so," Leo said pleasantly.</p>
<p>"There are many vampires in our coven." Irina sounded unenthused. "Are we to question them all?"</p>
<p>Gavril's thin shoulders floated upwards in a shrug. "The Count will want this settled before he returns." Turning to Harry, he asked, "Did Mr. Tate happen to recall anything else about this vampire?"</p>
<p>She cast her mind back and reeled in the memory easily. "Dark hair, yellow eyes."</p>
<p>The vampires exchanged a wry look. "Must be," Gavril said, his breath escaping on the words almost reluctantly. Turning back to Harry and Leo, he said, "The vampire you seek is indeed here. Would you like to speak to him directly?"</p>
<p>"I would appreciate the opportunity to issue a personal apology," Leo said agreeably.</p>
<p>"Come this way." Gavril led them toward the staircase as Irina took a seat on the dusty front desk. Harry supposed she would be watching the door.</p>
<p>As they reached the first stair, Harry couldn't help asking, "Isn't the kitchen down this way?" She dreaded to think of the consequences had the vampires been <em>cooking</em> with hemlock.</p>
<p>Gavril tossed his head back in a laugh that reverberated around them unnaturally before fading. "We aren't going to eat you, if that's what you're worried about."</p>
<p>"I wasn't," she muttered, though perhaps she should have been. Leo cast a reassuring look over his shoulder at her. If she followed him a bit too closely down the stairs, her friend didn't seem to mind.</p>
<p>When they reached the bottom of the stairs, blackness met them. She could barely see Leo's face and he was standing right beside her. She could hear the faint rustle of Gavril's cloak as he continued moving, but Leo's hand on her arm dissuaded her from continuing to follow. "Could we trouble you for a light?" Leo asked, all politeness.</p>
<p>Gavril's chuckling met them before he reappeared in the small pool of light at the bottom of the stairs. "But of course. We never have humans down here—I'm afraid I'll have to fetch a candle."</p>
<p>He was gone before they had time to blink, leaving them in the near-darkness. "Should have just used my wand." Leo huffed, and it was an exasperated noise. "I can't believe you came in here without me."</p>
<p>"I didn't know you were coming," she said softly, well aware that any vampires around would be able to hear them anyway.</p>
<p>"You thought when Margo ran into my meeting with the Business Association and started babbling about vampires and poison and <em>you</em> that I would, what? Nod my head and go back to the discussion on grocery subsidies?" She couldn't see his expression clearly, but the incredulity came across in his voice just fine.</p>
<p>She admitted that, if she really thought about it, there was no world in which Leo would have stayed away. "Thank you for coming," she said after a pause. She certainly wouldn't rather be standing in the dark in a vampire's basement by herself.</p>
<p>"I'll always come when you're in trouble," Leo said. There was nothing but honesty in his voice.</p>
<p>Harry had to smile. "I wouldn't say I was in <em>trouble</em>—"</p>
<p>"You were."</p>
<p>She jumped as Gavril's voice sounded just over her shoulder. His laugh told her the vampire had definitely seen it. With careful dignity, Harry turned her head slowly to glare at where she assumed the vampire was hiding in the shadows. "That's mean," she told him. The vampire only laughed again.</p>
<p>There was the swish of a match and then a small flame bloomed into existence. Seeing the vampire's face lit from below by the flickering candle, Harry wasn't sure whether the light was a mercy or not. Gavril looked distinctly alarming with his bone structure thrown into sharp relief. "Come, my guests," Gavril said, carrying the candle left down a narrow passage that was now barely visible in the candlelight.</p>
<p>Harry and Leo followed the light down the passage, passing several doors before coming to one with the word 'Distillery' barely legible. Fighting sudden images of vampires drinking hemlock infused spirits, Harry held her spine straight as they entered a mid-sized workroom. From what she could see in the minimal illumination, it was a little smaller than her potions lab at home. There were several counters along the walls at what was, for Harry, chest height, and a small cauldron burned on the farthest one, the blue flames beneath giving off enough light to see the figure beside it turn toward them as they entered.</p>
<p>"Gavril, what is it?" This vampire's voice was sharper than the others she'd heard. It still had a hint of the leaves-in-the-wind quality that she now associated with his kind, but it sounded… younger, for lack of a better descriptor. More alive. She could make out his arm gesturing toward her and Leo as the vampire added, "I'm not hungry, so tell Grandfather to let me alone."</p>
<p>Gavril's voice was definitely exasperated when he replied. "They aren't here to donate, idiot. They're here to see you." The vampire inclined his head toward Leo, his curtain of hair momentarily obscuring the candle's flame, and said, "This is the Rogue, Lionel Hurst, and this is his… Harry." Harry blinked at being referred to in such a way, but let it pass.</p>
<p>"If you think you can influence my grandfather's politics by making nice with me, you are sadly mistaken," the vampire said sharply. "Aurel values a great many people's opinion above my own."</p>
<p>"If you would stop sniping long enough to listen, Newborn, you could cease making such a fool of yourself," Gavril drawled. He seemed not at all impressed with what Harry could only deduce was a familial relationship between the younger vampire and the Count.</p>
<p>"We're here about a recent purchase you may have made from an apothecary on Diagon Alley," Leo said, keeping his voice friendly. "There is a chance you were sold a mislabeled ingredient, and the shopkeeper is most eager to tender his apology and ensure that no harm has come of the mix-up."</p>
<p>That seemed to take the vampire aback. At least he paused a long moment before answering. "This is about the hemlock? I bought it fair, and I've no intention of returning it."</p>
<p>"You knew what it was?" Harry hadn't considered that possibility.</p>
<p>"Of course I did." The vampire sounded offended now. "That's why I bought it. Such a reasonable price for a poison of its potency. I couldn't believe it; I picked out all the specimens that smelled fresh, though it was more than I required for my work."</p>
<p>Harry couldn't fathom their luck. Not only had the vampire <em>meant</em> to buy hemlock, but it sounded as though he'd taken most of what had been mixed into the Queen Anne's Lace as well. Leo didn't sound quite as relieved as she felt when he asked, "What work might that be?"</p>
<p><em>Oh</em>, she thought, <em>right</em>. They should probably be concerned with what the vampire <em>wanted</em> hemlock for.</p>
<p>"Kasten has an interest in essences," Gavril said. His tone did not communicate a matching interest in the subject. "It's all he does—all he has done, since he was reborn."</p>
<p>Kasten did not seem embarrassed by his hobby. "My ambition is to collect the purified essence of every substance on this earth. Everything has a purified form. I must continually perfect my techniques to increase the potency of my collection. This decade I am focused primarily on toxins, poisons included."</p>
<p>"That's a fascinating aspiration," Harry said, her mind racing. How many things had he distilled in this manner? Could he truly capture the essence of such things as minerals? Animals? She suppressed a shiver. That was an unpleasant thought, actually. "How long does it take you to condense something to the level you want?"</p>
<p>The young vampire must have been taken aback at her question. He was somewhat hesitant in answering, though his voice gained momentum as the explanation was related. "It depends on the substance in question. Some specimens can be quite resistant. A tetrodotoxin secreted by red salamanders, for instance, gave me some trouble several years ago, as it is particularly resistant to—"</p>
<p>"Heat," Harry muttered, nodding along. She had looked into neurotoxins back in her first year at Hogwarts, after the incident with Lee Jordan.</p>
<p>"Yes," the vampire agreed, a slight excitement to his tone. "As you can see, I finally succeeded, but it required alternate methods of separation." He had moved an arm to gesture to something behind him, but she couldn't make it out in the dim lighting.</p>
<p>"I'm sorry, I can't actually see," Harry said, regretful.</p>
<p>"Ah." Kasten said. There was an awkward pause. "Gavril, would you allow this human use of her wand for a moment? Just so she can see my work."</p>
<p>Gavril sounded long-suffering as he said, "Go on, then. Make yourself a light."</p>
<p>"I've got it," Leo said firmly. "Harry is still underage." That had never stopped him encouraging her to use her wand before. Harry wondered if Leo would rather he be the one to essentially brandish a weapon in the middle of the coven's nest, in the presence of its second in command.</p>
<p>Leo's Lumos hurt her eyes for a brief moment, but once she'd adjusted she marveled at what had been revealed. The moderate-sized workspace actually had a ceiling at least twice the height of its width, and filling every length of wall all the way from the counters to the ceiling were shelves. The shelves were filled entirely with vials, each labeled and carefully aligned. Harry actually held her breath as she took it all in with wide eyes. It was a <em>library of ingredients</em>. Her heart squeezed with envy and admiration. "Amazing," she said softly.</p>
<p>"Thank you," Kasten said. She could see him properly now, and his resemblance to Count Aurel was slight, but distinct. He had yellow eyes, and his hair was cropped close to his head, but the color, she thought, was similar to that of the ancient vampire she'd met in the Dancing Phoenix. "I have made good progress since my turning, though I still have far to go."</p>
<p>She looked at the vials again and realized they weren't ingredients; they were essences. Every vial was a substance the vampire had already distilled down to its purest, most potent form. Her respect for him rose, as did her wariness. Who knew how many dangerous things sat, unassuming, on the shelves around them?</p>
<p>"It's a very impressive collection," she said, honestly amazed that a library like this existed.</p>
<p>"Yes, and we're very glad to know that you purchased the hemlock knowingly," Leo said. He glanced at her as he added, "Since there's no harm done, we can put this incident behind us."</p>
<p>"Certainly," Gavril said, quickly seizing on Leo's rather obvious retreat. "If everyone is satisfied, I will escort you back upstairs. The Count will be very grateful that you took the time to personally see to his grandson's wellbeing." He started toward the door, and Leo followed.</p>
<p>"Harry." Leo gave her an insistent look, and Harry withheld a sigh of disappointment. She knew that she couldn't reasonably hang around in a vampire's distillery and ply him with questions about the specimens he'd collected over however many decades he'd been roaming the earth, and yet… she really wanted to.</p>
<p>"It was lovely to meet you, Mr. Kasten," she said, giving in with good grace. "Thank you for showing us your work. Maybe I will see you at Mr. Tate's sometime."</p>
<p>"Yes, perhaps." Kasten lifted a graceful hand in an aborted gesture of farewell, letting it drop again too quickly and watching them leave the distillery with a strange look on his pale face.</p>
<p>Leo let his wand light fade and holstered it once more as Gavril led them back to the lobby. Irina hadn't moved from the desk, but she rose weightlessly at their return. "Thank you for coming all this way, Rogue." The vampiress cut a look to Harry, adding, "And you." It could not have escaped Irina's notice that her name was Harry. Clearly it was in the nature of vampires to be vexing to wizards.</p>
<p>"It was no trouble at all," Leo said, smiling with a politician's charm.</p>
<p>"Sorry for the false alarm," Harry added, grimacing slightly. How foolish she must have seemed, thinking a creature whose senses far outstripped her own would be fooled by a flower's appearance.</p>
<p>"It speaks well of your intentions," Gavril assured them. "I will be sure to appraise the Count of the Rogue's good will."</p>
<p>"Much obliged to you for your hospitality and understanding," Leo said, bowing slightly in a show of respect. Harry hesitated, then did the same. As she straightened she caught Irina's eyes, and the vampiress gave her another of those fang-flashing smiles. She was sure the redhead was mocking her, Harry just wasn't sure how exactly.</p>
<p>They left the Lamia Lodge, and outside in the sunshine the air seemed cleaner, the world happier. They paused for a moment on the street to adjust their eyesight before walking back toward Knockturn's main alley.</p>
<p>"Guess I pulled you away for nothing, Leo," Harry said after a minute of silent walking.</p>
<p>"Don't apologize," Leo said, reading her mind. "You made the right call. I need to know about this sort of thing. The Carpathian Clan has been more restless of late, harassing humans who stray too close to their nest. Count Aurel helps to keep Countess Maricara in check, and the Rogue needs to stay in his good graces."</p>
<p>"The Carpathians are led by a woman? Is she a real countess, or is that just what coven leaders are called?" Harry asked, fascinated despite herself.</p>
<p>"The latter," Leo confirmed. "And yes, Countess Maricara has been running that coven for nearly fifty years, or so I'm told. She's rather mercurial. Some years her coven doesn't cause much trouble, but other years they're almost a pestilence." Harry digested this for a few minutes. Her train of thought was derailed when Leo looked over at her sharply and said, "So… 'never been to a vampire hotel,' wasn't it?" Harry stumbled in surprise at the change of subject.</p>
<p>"Well…" She stopped talking. She really had no explanation that would make sense to him.</p>
<p>"Was this while your 'aunt' was staying in your apartment, by any chance?" Leo pressed. He was so smug sometimes.</p>
<p>"Sort of," Harry admitted. She really needed to keep the timeline vague on this one.</p>
<p>"And was there a reason you couldn't stay, I don't know, at your house? Where you live?" Leo deserved an award for the superiority in his voice. It was truly inspired.</p>
<p>"Ask me no questions, Leo, and I'll tell you—well, <em>fewer</em> lies." Harry laughed at her own joke.</p>
<p>"Yes, yes, you're very mysterious." Leo waggled his eyebrows at her. "If you won't talk, want to spar?" They had reached Knockturn now, and Leo looked poised to turn toward Kyprioth Court.</p>
<p>Harry shook her head. "Sorry, Leo, but I promised another potioneer I'd meet up to talk about Shaped Imbuing."</p>
<p>"Huh. The pretty one?" Leo asked, face expressionless.</p>
<p>"You wouldn't find him pretty after talking to him for thirty seconds," Harry said, laughing.</p>
<p>"Why help him, then?"</p>
<p>Harry grew serious for a moment. "Honestly? He's the only one besides Master Snape to even ask. He's a good brewer, behind all the nastiness that is his default personality."</p>
<p>"All right." Leo lifted his hand in a casual wave as he began to walk backwards toward the lower alleys. "Stop by tomorrow and we can spar then."</p>
<p>Harry grinned. "You're on."</p>
<p>She headed back to Diagon, walking into Tate's apothecary just as Lestrange was walking out. He stepped back upon seeing her, giving her space to come fully into the shop. "Were you leaving?" she asked, a bit put out that he would ditch her even after agreeing to wait.</p>
<p>Lestrange sneered as easily as he breathed. "I assumed you'd been eaten, since you were gone well over an hour. It only took me twenty minutes to get the information from the goblins, and ten minutes of that was reminding the nasty things just how much gold my family has buried beneath their bank."</p>
<p>"Sorry to disappoint you," Harry said. "Thanks for worrying over my poor head, though. It means so much." The pureblood scoffed but didn't rise to the bait. Maybe he could be taught. She walked to the counter and greeted Mr. Tate with a smile. "Found the vampire who bought the Queen Anne's Lace. His name is Kasten, and he says he knew it was hemlock when he bought it—he thought you gave him a great discount."</p>
<p>"A discount?" Tate shook his head on a relieved laugh. "Well, hemlock is expensive, not to mention a controlled ingredient. If he bought it on purpose he did get a good deal! Thank you for doing that, Miss Potter. You've got your father's courage."</p>
<p>"And his idiocy," Lestrange added under his breath.</p>
<p>They both ignored him. Tate told her that with the help from the goblins, he'd managed to get in touch with all of the other customers, and none had found any hemlock mixed into their purchases. Harry thought Kasten had probably taken most of it for himself, and could only be glad that things had worked out.</p>
<p>"May I have my basket back?" she asked.</p>
<p>Tate pulled it from behind the counter and said, very solemnly, "Anything you want is half off today, Miss Potter."</p>
<p>"I couldn't," she said, embarrassed.</p>
<p>"It is the least I can do," Tate insisted. "Besides, you have a credit from that other time still." After a moment of confusion, she realized he was referring to last summer when she'd covered Lestrange's debt. It was kind of Tate not to remind the proud boy of the incident.</p>
<p>Harry could tell Lestrange was getting impatient, but she wasn't about to forget the reason she came to the apothecary in the first place. Plus, a 50 percent discount? That was nothing to sniff at. She collected everything she needed, and a few things she didn't, and packed her purchases away in her potions kit. "Thank you, Mr. Tate," she said as she returned the basket.</p>
<p>"No, Miss Potter, thank <em>you</em>."</p>
<p>She left with Lestrange on her heels. "Should we go to the Potions Guild?" she asked. "We could probably find an empty lab to use."</p>
<p>Lestrange appeared to think it over for a moment before shaking his head slowly, almost hesitantly. "No… you should come to my house."</p>
<p>Harry was massively taken aback at the suggestion and couldn't hide it. "That sounds like a terrible idea. Your parents hate my family."</p>
<p>"I could say the same," Lestrange pointed out. "Anyway, the Guild isn't really obliged to provide rooms for random wizards off the street. Your lab is depressing, and you don't have any good ingredients."</p>
<p>"What is that supposed to mean?" Harry asked, fairly offended. "I have everything."</p>
<p>Lestrange favored her with a pitying look. "Seriously? Your lab is a commoner's paradise. All the basic, boring ingredients and none of the rare, interesting ones."</p>
<p>Harry's eyes flashed. "By rare you mean illegal."</p>
<p>"I mean hard to get," Lestrange said smoothly. "I know your opportunities in this area are sadly stunted by your father's position, but aren't you a little curious? My lab has a host of powerful ingredients you don't see every day. Ever worked with selkie skin?"</p>
<p>She hadn't, and he knew it. "Selkie skins are black-listed. There's a treaty forbidding their harvesting because of the cruelty inflicted in the process."</p>
<p>"And that is a shame, but my family has a few. You don't even have to feel bad," he added, correctly reading her disapproving expression. "As far as you know, my ancestors acquired them before that treaty was put into effect. Now they're just sitting under preservation spells, not doing anyone any good."</p>
<p>She stared at him, her mouth tight as she thought. Selkie skin was probably the least of it. She had to admit she was curious. There were plenty of old potions texts that alluded to potent concoctions that could only be created with the rarest of components. She was also aware of the fierce moral debate that had upheaved the potions community in the last few decades. There was a stronger focus in modern times on how ingredients were collected and what processes could be considered sustainable and humane.</p>
<p>Still… Lestrange already had these ingredients. It's not like she was going with him to pluck Aubrey chicks from their nests. What good were they doing sitting in a lab, unused? What if, somewhere in the older boy's collection of forbidden ingredients, there was knowledge to be gleaned that could benefit others?</p>
<p>She could feel her potions mania slowly overcoming her good sense. She cast about for other reasons why this was a terrible idea. "I don't think your parents will want <em>me</em> having access to all these amazing ingredients you claim to have."</p>
<p>"They won't even know," Lestrange said quickly, clearly sensing her indecision. "Mother and Father are at an S.O.W. Party function this afternoon. The monthly meeting always turns into a social affair after, so they won't be home until late." When she frowned, he scoffed at her. "What are you, scared? Don't worry, Halfblood, I won't let them bleed you."</p>
<p>She made a face at him, but couldn't deny that she was tempted. <em>I'm just going to look</em>, she told herself virtuously. Aloud, she said, "All right, we'll go to your house. First, we'll work on Shaped Imbuing. If we have time after, you can show off your collection."</p>
<p>Lestrange smiled widely, and Harry wished he wouldn't. It made his face absolutely beautiful, which in turn made her want to hex him with boils. Why was she going with him? Her father would have an aneurism if he found out. Not to mention what Archie would do to her. "We can Floo from the pub," Lestrange said, setting off at once, probably hoping she would follow before she regained her senses.</p>
<p>She did follow him. Maybe it was the events of the day that made it so hard to refuse Lestrange's offer. Something about not getting to see what Tate had in his backroom and then not getting to stay and talk with Kasten about <em>his</em> collection had left her supremely unsatisfied. Anyway, if she were going to be a top Potions Mistress someday, wouldn't she need to be familiar with all possible ingredients? Even unsavory ones? There was only so much she could learn from books.</p>
<p>Lestrange paused at the Floo and said, "Give me five minutes before you come through."</p>
<p>Harry narrowed her eyes at him. "So you can take down the blood wards?"</p>
<p>"Unless you'd rather burn to ashes in the grate," Lestrange said. He paused as though waiting for her to make up her mind, then let out a sharp laugh. "Relax, brat. I've done this before."</p>
<p>"For all your other halfblood friends, I'm sure." Harry ran a hand through her hair agitatedly. This was such a bad idea. What was she doing? <em>Selling my soul to the potions devil</em>, she admitted internally.</p>
<p>"Five minutes," he reminded her sternly, then stepped into the grate with a loud, "Dartmoor Castle!"</p>
<p>Harry's eyebrows rose against her will. A castle? She supposed the Lestranges were in the Book of Gold, but castles were rare even among old families these days. She did wonder how they'd built a castle in a moor, but she supposed it wasn't <em>all</em> bogs. When six minutes had passed, she Flooed through to the same destination, her potions kit held close to her side to protect it from jostling as she unerringly fell out the other side onto her butt.</p>
<p>"Graceful as ever," Lestrange mocked, watching with no move to help as she regained her feet.</p>
<p>"It's almost like your Floo doesn't like me," she said, not willing to admit to Lestrange that she was just inexplicably terrible at Flooing.</p>
<p>"It has good taste," he said, pulling out his wand. She tensed slightly, but he only waved it at the Floo, muttering a string of Latin too soft for her to hear. She felt the wards spring back into place, and tried not to feel trapped. He gave her a once over, flicked his wand at her boots to remove the dust clinging to them, then nodded, apparently satisfied. "This way."</p>
<p>She took in her surroundings silently as they moved through his home. Where Malfoy Manor was subtly elegant, with wealth gleaming quietly from every carefully designed corner, the Lestrange castle was stark, with accents of unimaginable value stuck seemingly at random throughout otherwise large and empty rooms. The beautiful rug of what looked like woven Acromantula silk that seemed to continue endlessly down the passages they traversed still did nothing to disguise the bare stone floor beneath, which was crumblingly ancient. She suspected magic had a hand in keeping the rooms comfortable, as the cavernous spaces and dated masonry were just asking for a draft.</p>
<p>When they climbed the first spiraling staircase, Harry was surprised. They climbed two more before emerging in a rounded room that she realized from the small window must be in a tower of some sort. The view looked out over the moor, and she supposed the landscape had its own sort of beauty. "You know," she said, looking around slowly, "I've never been in a potions lab that wasn't below ground before." Traditionally, ingredients were stored in basements and dungeons because the air was cooler down there, and better for longevity, but with the right climate control spells there was no real reason for it. "I like it," she said. She imagined the window came in handy aerating the room after a particularly pungent brew. Not to mention the benefits of natural light.</p>
<p>"So glad you approve," Lestrange said, the acridness of his tone indicating he couldn't care less what she thought. Somehow, she didn't believe it.</p>
<p>She noted the beautiful curved bookcase that fitted perfectly to the round wall. It was filled with texts, scrolls, and journals. Seemed she wasn't the only one who hoarded old Guild periodicals. The rest of the wall space had been fitted with solid granite counters. There was an intimidating tool rack beneath the window with more knives and stirring rods than even Harry owned. She walked to the center of the room where four gleaming cauldron stations reigned, and realized the floor around the brewing station was <em>soft</em>. She bounced up and down on her heels, wondering if she was imagining things.</p>
<p>"You are so childish," her host said. He did not sound truly annoyed, though.</p>
<p>"Why is it squishy?" she asked, bewildered.</p>
<p>He gave her an odd look. "Haven't you ever noticed how your feet and back hurt after standing over a cauldron for a few hours?"</p>
<p>"Sure," she said, shrugging. You just got used to such things, if you were a brewer.</p>
<p>"Well, they don't have to," Lestrange said, giving her a look that said he thought her the worst kind of plebian.</p>
<p>"I see. That is brilliant," she said, bouncing a bit again. It did feel pleasantly supportive, yet comfortable beneath her boots. "Is it a spell or did you get the floors done in a special material?"</p>
<p>"Do you really want to talk about my floors?" Lestrange asked. Harry shook her head, albeit reluctantly. She was definitely going to look into that when she had a moment.</p>
<p>"First, wandless magic," she said, claiming one of the stools by the bookcase for her own. "How are you coming along?"</p>
<p>"I've got the trick of it," Lestrange told her, raising a hand with a showman's flourish. The air around his appendage condensed and began to spin until a tiny cyclone was balanced in his palm. "It's really not that hard, once you know how," he mused, staring at the twister until it dispersed.</p>
<p>Lestrange's face was serene, as though wandless magic came naturally to him. She almost bought it, except there were beads of sweat on his forehead and the room was quite comfortable. It was so like the older boy to think trying was beneath him. She had to admit he'd certainly got the hang of it, though.</p>
<p>"That's wonderful," she said, feeling a bit like she was praising one of the Rogue's kids for answering a tricky question correctly. "Elemental magic is the easiest kind of wandless magic, though. Can you do a spell?" She smiled at the affronted look he gave her. "Let's see one, then."</p>
<p>He turned his hand palm down, this time. His face seemed to contort against his will, but a small shield did materialize on the ground in front of him. She recognized it as a basic Protego and clapped her hands slowly. "That's perfect. It seems you've definitely mastered the concept, Lestrange. Nice work."</p>
<p>"There are still a few spells I can't do wandless," he said, probably thinking his words passed for modesty.</p>
<p>"You've plenty to work with for shaped imbuing, though," she said cheerfully. "Have you given it a go?"</p>
<p>Lestrange frowned. "It's not the same as wandless magic at all. You said one skill translated to the other, but I can't cast wandlessly through a stirring rod."</p>
<p>"It's not exactly the same, but wandless magic is necessary for the next step," Harry explained. "Right now you're using your hands to channel the magic instead of your wand, but you don't need to do that. You don't have to send the magic anywhere. You can create a spell without ever casting it. That's the trick to shaped imbuing."</p>
<p>The older boy just stared at her. He blinked slowly and shook his head. "You said that before, but it still doesn't make sense. Explain it some other way."</p>
<p>Harry sighed. No one ever believed her without proof. "I can show you, if you know how to project your consciousness to my magical core."</p>
<p>Lestrange scowled. "Now I am to learn mind magic, too? Just how many disciplines are you mixing, Potter?"</p>
<p>"This type of mind magic is useful in potions," she said, a bit defensive. She wasn't trying to make the task difficult just for the sake of it. "Here, imagine what it feels like when you consciously imbue. Describe it to me."</p>
<p>"It's like a river, flowing from me to the cauldron," Lestrange said. Harry had never imagined it that way, but if that's what worked for him, that's what she would use.</p>
<p>"So right now you're just pouring water into the river and it's ending up in the potion, right? That river is the key. You don't have to just send water down the river, get it? You can send ice."</p>
<p>"Ice." Lestrange did not appear to be having a moment of clarity.</p>
<p>"Yes, ice, as in water given a specific shape. The spell is the ice." She was starting to doubt her own explanation, the way he kept staring at her.</p>
<p>After a time, however, he fixed his eyes on the wall behind her and said, slowly, "You're saying my core is the head of the river. What I have to do is apply wandless magic as close to the wellspring as possible, so that by the time the magic is even released down the river, it's already become a spell."</p>
<p>"Yes." Harry could see it clicking in his expression.</p>
<p>"But I can't even feel the magic until it's already on its way out of my body," Lestrange said flatly.</p>
<p>"Oh," Harry said. "I suppose some meditation might be in order after all."</p>
<p>The boy groaned. "What have you got me into? Learn wandless magic; it's no big deal. And then we'll just learn some Occlumency while we're at it. Sure, all in a day's work. How the <em>hell</em> did you manage this in two months?"</p>
<p>"I didn't!" She was quick to assure him. "I already knew this stuff before I started experimenting for the Guild."</p>
<p>"Of course you did." Lestrange laughed, and the sound was a bit hollow. "Because I forgot this is standard curriculum for second years. <em>Just what are they teaching you in that backwater school of yours?</em>"</p>
<p>Harry frowned. "You seem upset. This was your idea, I'll remind you. You certainly don't have to learn Shaped Imbuing if you don't want to."</p>
<p>"And have an entire new branch of potions forever out of my grasp? I think not." The dark-haired teen took a breath and steadied his nerve. "Fine. Meditation. What do I need to do?"</p>
<p>She explained the concept behind projecting his consciousness into becoming aware of his magical core. "Once you can see the core in your mind's eye, you can differentiate between the inner and outer layers of your core, and when you get the hang of it you become aware of your core all the time. For instance, I can tell right now how much magic I've used today based on how my outer layer feels in my mind's eye."</p>
<p>"At least this won't be a waste of time if it doesn't work," Lestrange said, nodding.</p>
<p>Harry went on without acknowledging his pessimism. "When you reach that level of awareness of your own magic, it's easy to form a spell without releasing it outwardly. You'll recognize how a certain spell feels when your core forms it, if you use it enough times. Then it's just a matter of reverse engineering the instinctive process of casting a spell until you can recognize the feeling of each step separately. Once you know where the forming stops and the casting beings, you can just not do the second part. Instead, send the formed magic into a potion via conscious imbuing."</p>
<p>The pureblood nodded, looking overwhelmed. "Fine, then. I will work on that if I have time around my apprenticeship." He went to the bookcase and briskly made a series of notes on a spare piece of parchment before tucking it into a drawer and turning back to face her. "It would appear we've exhausted the topic of Shaped Imbuing for now," he said, smiling in an anticipatory way that was not at all reassuring. "Why don't we have some fun?"</p>
<p>"You just want to show off," she accused, nevertheless standing from her chair at his gesture.</p>
<p>"And you want to let me," he said knowingly. "Come, Halfblood, and see how the other half brews." Maybe it was wishful thinking, but he sounded as though he even meant the insult ironically. Lestrange left the room and doubled back the way they'd come, stopping one door down and opening it with a grand sweep of his arm. "After you." He grinned at her as she passed, and she couldn't help grinning back. No one was ever <em>excited</em> about potions with her. It was nice having someone to be embarrassingly academic with.</p>
<p>Lestrange's potions cupboard looked a little like a mausoleum in an overcrowded cemetery. Floor to ceiling drawers surrounded them, and Harry was delighted to see that it was perfectly alphabetized, with the As beginning on the left of the entrance at the top of the column and continuing clockwise around the room. Every drawer had a neat label. "Are they all filled?" she asked. She couldn't help the low register of her voice. It felt like being in a shrine to one of the old gods. Sacred.</p>
<p>"No." Lestrange's voice was quiet, too. "I've done my best recovering the sorry state of this collection since coming into my majority, but some things it may take years to find. Sphinx feathers. Griffin talons. Things like that."</p>
<p>Harry nodded. Those were exceptionally rare ingredients. She hadn't heard of a potion being made with either in several years at least. In fact, all of the labels she could see were for ingredients at the very least expensive or dangerous. She suspected he had a separate storage room for the more mundane ingredients. There simply weren't enough drawers to hold every substance that could be useful in a potion.</p>
<p>"Grindylow webbing?" Harry wrinkled her nose. "What is that used in?"</p>
<p>Lestrange looked pleased to know something she didn't. "It's a thickener. It'll coalesce a potion into more of a paste, which makes it good for use in salves."</p>
<p>"So… it does the same thing as plant gum," Harry said.</p>
<p>"Essentially."</p>
<p>"How much does Grindylow webbing cost, exactly?" Harry asked, a smile tugging at her cheek.</p>
<p>"More than gum, is that what you want to know?" Lestrange snapped. "Why do you ruin everything?"</p>
<p>"I'm sorry," she said, smothering her amusement. "It's truly an impressive collection. You must have excellent connections to acquire so much in so short a time."</p>
<p>Lestrange considered her for a moment before deciding she was at least semi-sincere. "I do. A lot of it is who I am, however. Procurers tend to be blasé about selling me dubious ingredients once they learn my last name."</p>
<p>"Couldn't imagine why." Harry had never considered her family's good reputation to be a hindrance before, but she could imagine she would have more difficulty than Lestrange did in acquiring exotic, unregulated ingredients of interest. On the other hand, she wouldn't be on the lookout for Grindylow webbing anytime soon. Perhaps many of the so-called rare ingredients weren't as useful as their legends suggested.</p>
<p>Lestrange didn't acknowledge her cynicism. He studied the drawers around them in a manner that was too casual to be uncontrived. After a few moments he ran his fingers across a couple of the rows, idling brushing over a few labels before moving on to another section. He glanced at her sidelong, still trailing his fingers of his right hand here and there. "We should brew something," he suggested. Did he truly believe he came across as unconcerned?</p>
<p>"Oh?" Harry had no problem playing along. "Anything in particular?"</p>
<p>"Doesn't matter to me," Lestrange said. His fingers paused in one of the M-columns. "Ever used mermaid fluke?"</p>
<p>"Can't say that I have." It was hard to keep the dryness out of her voice. "Thinking of making a cure for hypothermia?"</p>
<p>Lestrange looked surprised. "You know more than most for someone who's never used the ingredient."</p>
<p>Harry was not. <em>ever</em>. going to admit to having read <em>Mermaid Hunting for Fun and Profit</em>. Instead, she smirked at him and adopted the superior expression he was always throwing at her. "It's basic anatomy. The tail fluke regulates body temperature, allowing merfolk to live comfortably underwater in all climates. It stands to reason it would be used in thermoregulatory medicine."</p>
<p>"That is true, but what <em>anatomy</em> won't tell you is that mermaid fluke, if dried until warped, is the main ingredient in Coquere Cerebrum." Lestrange raised an eyebrow at her, as though inviting her to find that fact equally interesting.</p>
<p>"No." She could not believe he would even suggest it. Though she told herself she should have suspected something when he insisted they go to his lab to collaborate.</p>
<p>"It's a technical masterpiece," Lestrange argued quickly.</p>
<p>"It's a <em>torture</em> potion. You think I don't know what it does? I am not helping you make a potion to <em>cook someone inside their own skin</em>." She took a slow breath and let it out carefully. To think, she assumed he only wanted to show off. Coquere Cerebrum was nearly impossible to brew without an assistant. Not to mention the magic required in the imbuing phase.</p>
<p>"It's not like I want to <em>use</em> it." Lestrange had the gall to sound offended at her refusal. "I just want to see if we can do it."</p>
<p>"Just having that potion is a class C felony, not to mention brewing it without an experimenter license from the Guild." Harry leveled him with look that said <em>just how dumb to you think I am?</em> Even if she hadn't read that awful book from Borgin and Burke's, she'd still know that Coquere Cerebrum's only use was to continually raise a person's internal temperature until their brains became scrambled eggs.</p>
<p>"It was only a suggestion," Lestrange said, somewhat bitterly.</p>
<p>Harry cast her gaze around the room for an alternate suggestion. Something appropriately challenging, but ultimately harmless. Something that called for the sort of ingredients Lestrange would take pride in providing. Something that could also be finished in a day. Something like… "Liberespirare."</p>
<p>"You're kidding." Lestrange shook his head.</p>
<p>"You seem so fond of mermaids, though," Harry said, her grin a taunt. "Why not make a potion that lets you pretend to be one?" In truth, Liberespirare was a potion that let you breathe in any environment. It worked underwater, but also in heavy smoke, high altitude, and even through poisonous fumes. It was a pretty useful potion to have on hand, and she couldn't see an obvious way it could be misused. It was also incredibly difficult. She had never brewed it herself. The timing was too tricky for one person to attempt without risking an explosion.</p>
<p>"It takes three hours," Lestrange complained. "And who is going to keep the potion when it's done? The recipe in Prince's Potions only makes one dose."</p>
<p>"We can make a double batch," Harry said. "It won't take any longer than the regular recipe. And besides, haven't you wanted to give it a go since that article two years ago arguing for its inclusion in the top forty most difficult potions of the modern age?"</p>
<p>"A double batch? That's twice the necessary magic. Are you trying to kill us?" Lestrange looked unconvinced, but Harry was warming to the idea.</p>
<p>"I'm sure it won't be that bad," Harry said.</p>
<p>"For freaks with more magic than sense, maybe." Lestrange sneered.</p>
<p>Harry only smirked at him. "You are so lucky I'm here. Let's see." She began pointing out ingredient drawers in the wall. "You've got siren hair, Grindylows gills, and look! You've even got dragon lung. I didn't even know they still sold dragon lung in England."</p>
<p>"They don't." Lestrange clenched his jaw in visible annoyance.</p>
<p>"What's wrong? Unless…all these drawers are empty?" Harry couldn't help but smile as Lestrange pinned her with a menacing glare. "Well, what's the problem, then?"</p>
<p>She could see him considering it, however reluctantly. "I would be in charge of the stirring, of course," he said, the challenge in his voice daring her to argue.</p>
<p>"Naturally," Harry said with a winning smile. "I do recall how precise your stirring technique was in the Guild's classes."</p>
<p>"And you would have to take over imbuing while I did that," Lestrange added, his face stern. It was almost endearing.</p>
<p>"Yes, definitely," she agreed. "You won't be able to concentrate on both at once." Plus, she sort of doubted he'd be able to imbue a double batch of Liberespirare without passing out.</p>
<p>Lestrange nodded once. "Fine. Go get the recipe from my bookcase and I'll start collecting what I can remember from here."</p>
<p>Harry was happy to do that. She really had been interested in this potion since its feature in <em>Potions Quarterly</em>. She had never been able to justify the expense, even if she could have found an assistant for an afternoon. This way, she would walk away with a valuable new potion in her kit and she could still sleep at night knowing that she hadn't jumped into the Dark Arts at the first invitation. She shivered at the thought of even attempting to brew something like Coquere Cerebrum. There was no academic argument worth bringing that gruesome concoction to life.</p>
<p>While she was waiting for him to return from the storeroom, she also took the liberty of picking out the appropriate cauldron and applying the necessary oil to the bottom and sides. She was just lighting the fire when he returned with an armful of neatly wrapped packets.</p>
<p>She pushed the open book toward her brewing partner while she selected a stirring rod that met the specifications in the recipe's prelude. Lestrange began rooting through cabinets below the counters and compiling the remaining ingredients onto a clear workstation.</p>
<p>At first it was somewhat awkward working with Lestrange. He was clearly used to taking the lead, but then, so was she when she brewed at home. Twice they both started on the same step at the same time. After the third time they bumped elbows, Harry decided to take a back seat. "I'll prep," she offered. "You take over the cauldron for now, and when we get to the third stage we can alternate adding ingredients." The third stage was the time crunch. She would endeavor to get all of the ingredients staged before they got that far, so that they could take turns tossing them in one after another.</p>
<p>Lestrange inclined his head and took over tending the potion confidently. She tried to pretend he was Professor Snape, and she was assisting him as she often did at Hogwarts. It didn't help that the older boy grunted in satisfaction every time he got a step right. Snape had certainly never done that. She wondered how it didn't drive Master Whitaker spare.</p>
<p>After the first hour, she was almost used to their dynamic. It was easier once she understood the rhythm of the potion itself. By the time they reached the second stage, she was handing Lestrange ingredients before he even asked for them.</p>
<p>"That's it for ten minutes," Lestrange said, setting aside the stirring rod and wiping his brow carefully. "It's not that difficult, so far."</p>
<p>Harry nodded. It really hadn't been. The potion didn't even have layers. The only tricky part was going to be stage three, she thought. The sheer speed at which they would have to add components was daunting. "I think we should count aloud for the next phase. Every second has to be exact, so we have to have our timing synched."</p>
<p>"You count the seconds, I'll count the stirs." Lestrange stretched his neck. Harry rolled her own shoulders in sympathy.</p>
<p>"I like these floors," she said. "My feet don't hurt at all."</p>
<p>"Now I know what to get you for Yule." The derisive smirk on his face made her doubt any such gift was forthcoming.</p>
<p>Harry spent the last few minutes of reprieve separating the ingredients into two lines on their workspace. "This is your row," she told him, gesturing to the far line. "They're already in order, so don't think about what you're adding, just dump the next pile in when I say so."</p>
<p>Lestrange nodded, concentration taking over his face. He picked up the stirring rod and looked at his watch to judge the exact moment he needed to continue stirring. As soon as the rod hit the potion's surface and began to turn, she began counting aloud. "One. Two. Add." Lestrange scooped the first pile of components into the cauldron one handed while continuing to stir, counting rotations under his breath. Harry picked her own pile up. "Four. Five. Six. Me." She sprinkled the contents in a single pass. "Eight. Add." Lestrange moved the next of his ingredients line into the potion. And so it went for three minutes straight. By the time they reached the end of their respective rows of ingredients, Harry was adding everything herself, sprinting back and forth between the counter and the potion as Lestrange could no longer reach that far while keeping one hand on the stirring rod.</p>
<p>"Merlin," she gasped, leaning against a counter to slow her heart rate while Lestrange finished the required stirring.</p>
<p>His eyes on his watch, her cohort merely hummed in agreement. His wrist snapped up at precisely the moment the potion needed to simmer and the rod lifted clear of the surface with nary an errant drop. "You're up, Brat."</p>
<p>Harry had already established a connection to the potion. Now she tugged on her core and started pouring magic down the pathway. Lestrange was just looking at her, somewhat expectantly. "What?" she asked.</p>
<p>"You have to imbue it," Lestrange snapped.</p>
<p>She raised an eyebrow. "What do you want me to do, close my eyes and stick out my tongue? I am imbuing it."</p>
<p>Lestrange frowned. "You don't need to touch the cauldron? Or the stirring rod?"</p>
<p>Ah. She did used to do that when she imbued. Harry vaguely remembered learning that it was easier that way to begin with. "It's not necessary," she told Lestrange after a moment. "It's just a matter of channeling the connection through the air with your mind instead of your body."</p>
<p>"Whatever, Freak." Lestrange took the recipe book and began reviewing the instructions for the final stages. Harry let him do that and focused on her awareness of the potion. It was starting to feel satisfied, but it wasn't quite full.</p>
<p>It was another few minutes before the potion was saturated with as much magic as it could hold. "Done," Harry said, breaking the connection with a thought.</p>
<p>Lestrange checked his watch. "We still have five minutes. Keep channeling."</p>
<p>"It can't hold any more," Harry said firmly. "Just let it simmer for the rest of the time, then begin the final stage.</p>
<p>"How do you <em>do</em> that?" Lestrange was outright aggravated with her now. "This recipe is for a single dose, meaning the simmer time is allotted to give brewers enough time to add half the amount of magic you just put into it. Your rate of magic expenditure has got to be <em>insane</em>."</p>
<p>"My magic moves fast," she said, shrugging. "Why complain? We're ahead of schedule."</p>
<p>The pureblooded boy growled his irritation, but didn't argue further. He took up stirring again without hesitation when it was time, and by the time Harry had cleared away the workstation and packaged any leftover ingredients, Lestrange was finished.</p>
<p>"It's done," he said. A wave of his hand snuffed the flame beneath the cauldron and together they separated the finished result into two equal portions.</p>
<p>Harry held one of the beakers up to the light and smiled in satisfaction. "It's perfect. Murky-blue with a hint of violet. Well done, Partner."</p>
<p>"You did well enough, <em>Assistant</em>." There was no heat in his taunt. He was too busy labeling his dose with a sure hand.</p>
<p>She corked her half and tucked it into her potion kit with a thrum of pleasure. Not bad for a day's work. Harry picked up the cauldron and was about to ask where the sink was when a sharp pop broke the air in the lab and a house-elf more ancient than any she had ever seen at Hogwarts appeared near the door.</p>
<p>"Hestin, good, this cauldron needs—" Lestrange began. At the old elf's slow headshake he blinked. "What is it?"</p>
<p>"Young Sir's parents is being home. Hestin is notifying Young Sir as instructed." The house-elf popped away again, leaving a gaping silence in the room. Lestrange was the first to break it.</p>
<p>"Fuck." His eyes darted to Harry, who had frozen with the empty cauldron in surprised uncertainty. The pureblood looked downright scared, which was not doing much for her own nerves in the least. "<em>Fuck</em>," he hissed.</p>
<p>"What do we do?" Harry said, setting down the cauldron and slinging her potions kit across her chest securely. Lestrange was staring into space with a distraught expression, so Harry snapped her fingers in front of his face. "Lestrange. What's the quickest way out?"</p>
<p>"I can't take down the wards while they're at home," he said, his voice sounding flat. He was panicking she realized with dismay.</p>
<p>"That's okay," she said, using the voice she'd try to calm a wild animal with. "We don't have to use the Floo. There are other ways out of the house, right?"</p>
<p>Lestrange braced his hands on the countertop and took several short breaths before looking over at her with clear eyes. "Yes. There's a door to the garden. You can hop the fence and run to the edge of the wards then—<em>shit</em>. You can't Apparate. Mordred <em>damn</em> it. Do you have a Portkey?"</p>
<p>"Yes," Harry said quickly. Her parents had made her a new emergency Portkey after the Cup. Also she <em>could</em> Apparate if she had to. What was he going to do, report her? Not after what she'd seen in his potions cupboard today. "Take me to the garden."</p>
<p>"Right. Fine." He crossed to the door and stuck his head out warily before gesturing her to follow. "Not a word from here on, Potter. If you think my mother will let you out of here unscathed after catching sight of you…" He let out a laugh that sounded just a tad hysterical. "Just run if you see her, ok? What the <em>hell</em> are they doing home early?"</p>
<p>She didn't think he was talking to her, so she offered no guesses. Instead, she took a moment to spell her shoes silent and wished she had her dad's Invisibility Cloak on her. Perhaps she would make a permanent home for it in her potions kit instead of simply carrying it around at Hogwarts.</p>
<p>Lestrange noticed her boots shimmering for a moment as the magic set in and grunted. "Good idea." He muffled his own shoes, then beckoned her into the hallway.</p>
<p>Harry didn't bother trying to keep track of where they were going. They took a completely different set of stairs down and crept through a passageway so small and dusty that she was almost certain it had been used by servants at some point in the castle's history. At the end of that passage, they stole through a library where all of the books were secured with chains. Harry tried not to think about the implications of that as she crept down another corridor after her guide.</p>
<p>He stopped abruptly, forcing her to still her momentum or bump into his back. After a moment of suspended motion in which she hardly dared to breathe, she heard what had stalled him. There were voices coming from up ahead.</p>
<p>She poked him in the shoulder, and when he turned around she mouthed, "Is there another way?"</p>
<p>He shook his head, grimacing. Pressing his back to the stone wall, he inched forward toward where their corridor intersected a wider one. Harry had no choice but to creep close behind him. The voices floating around the corner weren't necessarily familiar to her, but the context identified them for her. Rodolphus Lestrange was arguing with his wife. Heatedly.</p>
<p>"—said you <em>weren't</em> interested."</p>
<p>Bellatrix's laughter rang through the castle corridors like a bell that had been dropped from its tower. It was disjointed and so unmelodic it sounded forced. "What's wrong, Rudy? Can't handle a little competition?"</p>
<p>"A man should not have to compete for his own <em>wife</em>." Lestrange senior did not sound as though he was entertained by his wife's humor in the slightest. "I want you off the council."</p>
<p>"Well, you'll have to kill me then, won't you?" Bellatrix spat.</p>
<p>If this ultimatum upset her son, he didn't show it. When Harry glanced at his face, it was as closed off as she'd ever seen it. He might have been listening to a poor rendition of a play he hadn't cared for, for all the emotion he displayed.</p>
<p>There was a thud that Harry recognized as a body impacting a hard surface, followed by a truncated gasp that she though might be indicative of someone choking. She moved forward a step without consciously telling her feet to do so, something inside of her instinctively rebelling against becoming a bystander to this, but Lestrange shot out a hand and gripped her arm tightly. She looked up at him, her face mulish. He shook his head slowly, eyes softening just enough to let her see his plea. He didn't want her to get involved.</p>
<p>The next sound was a man's pained grunt, followed by another broken-bell laugh from Madam Lestrange. This laugh had a hiss to it, though. "Don't kid yourself, Luv. You could never take me. And you'll <em>never</em> control me."</p>
<p>"Control you?" Now Rodolphus was the one laughing, a slow, sinister sound. "I <em>own</em> you."</p>
<p>Bellatrix scoffed. "You don't know what it means to possess a woman. Now Lord Riddle on the other hand…"</p>
<p>"You insolent <em>bitch</em>—" Footsteps tapped out a staccato on the thin rug, but to Harry's utter relief they were fading in the opposite direction. Bellatrix's laughter was the last sound to fade before Lestrange let go of her arm and seemed to relax.</p>
<p>"They'll have gone to the East Wing; nothing valuable in those rooms," the boy muttered. She was not sure whether he was talking to her or himself, but when he began to move again, Harry followed. She was quite eager to get out of this castle and back home.</p>
<p>They stole along the larger corridor until it dead-ended in a wide staircase. The stairs led down to a set of stained glass doors that let in the setting sun and refracted the light in crystal patterns across the floor. Lestrange eased the knob and one of the doors swung silently inward. He motioned for Harry to slip out first, then shut the door behind them just as quietly. It struck Harry that he was good at this. How much practice had he had sneaking around in his own house?</p>
<p>Harry turned away from the house and found herself in a walled enclosure that was more jungle than garden. Lestrange led her off to the left, around tangled patches of flora and the occasional moss-laden tree. When they approached the wall Harry saw the door—it looked like the poor wooden thing had been waging a persistent war against an insurgency of vines, but the hinges were clear enough that it opened at Lestrange's hand without protest.</p>
<p>Beyond the door was the moor. Miles of green spread out over the rocky countryside like a damp blanket. "See that wooded valley over to the East?" Lestrange drew a line with his finger toward the horizon, indicated a dense copse some mile and a half distant. "You can't see it through the trees, but there's a river there that marks the edge of our property on this side. On the other side of the river, you can Portkey out."</p>
<p>Harry looked sideways at him, just to check that he was serious. He looked apologetic, which was so surprising in itself that Harry simply blinked. Lestrange, feeling bad about making someone else uncomfortable? She was too impressed with his show of humanity to be properly annoyed at being made to trek across the moor and… actually, how was she meant to cross the river? "Is there a bridge?" Harry asked, already resigning herself to the answer.</p>
<p>"Sorry, Potter." Lestrange sounded like he meant it.</p>
<p>Harry summoned a smile for his sake. It wasn't the boy's fault his parents had come home early from the Party function to squabble. "I missed my jog today anyway," she said, shrugging. "And I can float across with one of my Modified Weightless Draughts. The real question is; are the wards going to try to fry me on the way out?"</p>
<p>The dark-haired boy shook his head slowly. "They're anchored one-way, unlike the Floo," Lestrange said. He sounded sure, at least. "As long as you don't try to re-enter the wards once you cross the boundary, there won't be an issue." He glanced back at the castle distractedly. "I should go before I'm missed."</p>
<p>Harry nodded. She adjusted the potions kit so that it hung close to her body and held it steady with her left hand while holding her right up to give the older boy an ironic salute. "I'll get going, then." She let her hand fall, but hesitated before taking off. She couldn't help but worry a little. "Caelum," she began, wondering whether he would really be okay.</p>
<p>His face closed faster than a trap. "Get going, Halfblood. Don't strain your brain thinking about things you don't understand."</p>
<p>Harry held his gaze for another moment, but knew futility when it planted itself before her. "Thanks for brewing with me today, Lestrange. Good luck with Shaped Imbuing."</p>
<p>She took off at a steady pace and didn't look back.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The last week of summer break, Harry sent a letter to Master Snape indicating that she had made sufficient strides on their new concept for Shaped Imbuing and requested a meeting to pool their ideas before she left for school. In preparation for the resulting appointment, Harry spent an afternoon tucked in her bedroom meditating. She had felt the jewel at work over the past couple of months, and had even stopped in briefly before going to see the Malfoys, but hadn't had time for a proper check up. Now she wanted to ensure that, despite the changes, her Occlumency and aura would pass muster both as Harry Potter and as Rigel Black.</p>
<p>The first thing she felt was heat. The mists faded into mirage, and the eyes of her avatar narrowed against the hazy glare of sunshine reflecting off a million grains of sand. The wind buffeted her form as she moved forward across the dunes, and it was all she could do to pull her sinking feet from the landscape with each step. She couldn't see anything ahead of her, and grains of sand came flying up to sting her face no matter which way she turned it. Had the jewel created a sandstorm in her mind?</p>
<p>She must have been struggling through the dunes for ten minutes before laughter she recognized twisted through her ears and made her halt, looking around wildly. "Are you going to fool around all day, Girl?"</p>
<p>Harry lifted an arm to cover her eyes while she searched for the magical construct, but it was nowhere to be seen. "Where are you?"</p>
<p>"Where you want to be," the jewel said. "But first you must defeat my illusion."</p>
<p>She frowned. An illusion? The sand and wind felt so real. Something about her stymied progress reminded her of something, though. Ginny's mind. That first time Harry had dropped in, she'd flown for ages through the air, only to find that she had never moved. That had been an illusion, too. Now she marshaled her thoughts and imagined herself at the center of her mind. The storm around her disappeared and the wind dropped to a gentle breeze against her face. Harry was at the base of a pyramid, but one so elevated and adorned that she could scarcely compare it to the basic structure she'd seen the last time she'd been present in her mindscape.</p>
<p>"Like it?" The jewel, wearing the guise of the dark-haired boy still, appeared beside her.</p>
<p>She gave it an appreciative grin. "It's a bit gaudy, isn't it?"</p>
<p>The pyramid had been lifted such that the original triangular structure was now sitting atop a base of massive stairs. At the apex of those enormous steps was a great entryway flanked by exquisitely carved sphinxes in repose. Jewels glinted where they had been embedded seemingly at random all over the monument, in every third block or so, emeralds and rubies that all seemed to be redirecting the light back into her eyes as she gazed in no small amount of awe at the work before her.</p>
<p>"The word you're looking for is <em>distracting</em>," the jewel said, pride in every syllable. "Look at the detail; admire the craftsmanship. Let the beauty dull your wariness and approach."</p>
<p>Harry had to smile at that. "It certainly looks real, you know? Not like it's a decoy layer of the mind at all."</p>
<p>"Exactly," the construct said happily. "No one would ever imagine that so much time and thoughtfulness would be paid to an illusion."</p>
<p>"I don't know; that sandstorm was pretty convincing."</p>
<p>"That's because it's real," the jewel said, turning to gesture over their shoulders.</p>
<p>Harry turned around and had to stare for a moment at the landscape below them. They'd been standing on a raised mound of land that she'd assumed was the bottom of her mind, but stretched out below her were the makings of a whole civilization. A city of adobe structures littered the space at the true base of the pyramid. Something like streets broke up the cramped housing and at the far edge of the little village she could see an imposing city wall with heavy golden gates. If she squinted past the gates, toward the horizon, she could just make out towering clouds of dust and wind at the edges of her mindscape. She supposed the mists would be beyond the ring of storms, but she couldn't see anything through them at this distance.</p>
<p>"The illusion was the perception that you were walking through the storm." The construct looked very pleased with itself. "Actually, the storm was moving around you. While you managed to will yourself out of it, that's mostly to do with it being your mind. An intruder will be stalled much longer," it assured her.</p>
<p>"Very nice," Harry said, approving. "And even once across the desert, a stranger would have to navigate through the winding city streets before they made it to the pyramid. Have you opened it up inside?" She turned back to give the entrance a closer look. The slabs that formed it were at least twice as tall as she was.</p>
<p>"Come and see," the construct said warmly. As it began the trek up who knew how many stairs, she couldn't help but think that it seemed happy, content with what it had built. "Stop thinking sappy thoughts." The jewel's face took on an admonishing look that somehow still conveyed rueful amusement. It was <em>really</em> getting good at simulating humanity.</p>
<p>"How do you know what I'm thinking?" she asked, a little unnerved. "That's not the first time you've been able to tell."</p>
<p>"I can catch the gist of your thoughts when they are about me," the jewel informed her. At her uneasy look, its features took on a reassuring cast. "It's a good thing. If you work at it, you'll be able to communicate with me without having to meditate and project your consciousness inward."</p>
<p>Harry nodded. She did want to be able to do that, in case she needed to switch personas quickly. "Can I hear you, too?"</p>
<p>The construct nodded, pleased. "Yes. If you let me, I can warn you when your mind is under attack. Then, even if you're distracted or the attempt is very subtle, your secrets won't be vulnerable."</p>
<p>They'd reached the top of the stairs at last. The view was really incredible, she had to admit. There was something oddly beautiful about the desert. She took a step toward the shadowed entrance, remarking, "No door?" Before she could approach any closer, the sphinxes on either side of the passage sprang into motion and barred her way. The large red stones set into their eye sockets gleamed at her as she froze. "Are they sentient?" she asked, trying to remember if she'd allowed that or not.</p>
<p>"Not precisely," the construct admitted. It took her wrist and held her hand toward the sphinx on the right. "They won't tell riddles, if that's what you're hoping. I have given them an attacking instinct that is much like the real thing, however." That did not ease her nerves as her avatar's fingers were placed gently on the sphinx's temple, just between its eyes. She could feel the warmth of the magic that was animating the creature. It thrummed under her touch, and she recognized it as her own.</p>
<p>The sphinxes both smiled and for a moment she could see past the blood-colored eyes to the lovely feminine features that nevertheless came across fierce and wild in stone. Each rose from its menacing crouch, and sat tall, their lioness bottom halves no less graceful for the rough material from which they'd been hewn. "Weren't the Egyptian sphinxes male?"</p>
<p>"Anachronism is half the fun. Don't overthink it. They will protect your secrets and maim your enemies," the jewel said, patting one fondly on the cheek as it passed the golem toward the pyramid's entrance.</p>
<p>"If they scare intruders as well as they surprised me, I'll be very impressed." Harry <em>was</em> impressed. The Dominion Jewel had accomplished much with limited resources and not insignificant patience, she deduced.</p>
<p>"That was them playing nice," the construct laughed. "They just wanted to say hello. Normally they would greet with claws and teeth."</p>
<p>Harry made a mental note to not bring anyone into her mindscape without considerable preparation. They passed through a stone archway adorned with a mix of hieroglyphs and runes that she couldn't decipher at one glance. Only a few steps into the pyramid, all light seemed to vanish. Even the sound of the wind outside was gone. She couldn't see the door anymore, though she knew she hadn't moved that far from it. Another illusion? She willed a light into existence, and fire lit in the palm of her hand to illuminate the room around her.</p>
<p>Her guide was nowhere to be seen. Instead, she was in a small stone chamber no more than five feet across. It was empty, and there were no doors or windows of any kind. She turned slowly in a circle. She wasn't sure how she could have come to be there, though she was pretty sure she could will her way out. It was still her mind, no matter what the jewel had done to the place.</p>
<p>She walked toward a wall and began feeling along it for cracks or anomalies that would reveal a hidden passage. There was nothing. "All right, I give up. What am I supposed to do now?"</p>
<p>The construct appeared beside her in an instant and grinned. "Do you like it? A trap for any who make it past the guards."</p>
<p>"How did I trigger it?" she asked.</p>
<p>"You didn't," the jewel said. "I did. It's not a physical trap, so there's no way to avoid it. I simply swapped the layers of your mind."</p>
<p>Her eyebrows rose. "So this is my mountainscape? I didn't notice the transition. Shouldn't I be in my lab, then, or the tunnels beneath?"</p>
<p>The construct shook its head. "I offset the two layers. Now, your position in one does not necessarily correspond to your position in the other. I can move people in and out of rooms with no exits, crush them under the mountain itself, or pop them back out into the sandstorm, all depending on where they wander inside the labyrinth that is now your mind."</p>
<p>"Amazing," she said. "Is there anything in the pyramid besides traps?"</p>
<p>"Of course. I do reign here when it's the primary layer," the jewel said. With a snap of his fingers, they were back in the entryway to the pyramid. Now she could see the light coming from the doorway behind them. Her construct raised its hands grandly and a number of torches ignited on sconces before them. The torches led the way down a long corridor. Harry walked until the passage ended in a golden door. She reached for the handle, but the construct stayed her hand. "It's a decoy. Nothing but a pit of vipers that way."</p>
<p>"Snakes?" Harry wondered if she was destined to be surrounded by them.</p>
<p>"They aren't sentient," the construct assured her. "They can't be persuaded to do anything but bite. You do have an enemy who speaks the serpent tongue."</p>
<p>She didn't deny it. Harry watched as the construct drew a single rune on the wall to the right of the golden door. The wall rumbled and a section of it sank into the floor, revealing another corridor, this one with steps leading up.</p>
<p>"Most of the passageways in the labyrinth will lead the intruder down. The dangers increase as each is surmounted. Some rooms contain unlikely traps, some straightforward threats, and the very bottom level is designed to collapse as a last resort if necessary." The jewel explained all this as they climbed and paused when they reached a landing. "Any passages leading up are well hidden."</p>
<p>It opened another door, this time in the low ceiling. When the stone above their heads moved aside, a ladder descended just enough for the jewel to reach the first rung and hoist itself up. Harry climbed up after it and emerged in an enormous square hall with a tapered ceiling so steep she figured they must be near the top of the pyramid.</p>
<p>In the center of the grand space was a raised pedestal and on it sat a carving of a woman with a lioness's head. The animalistic face conveyed both strength and wisdom. A poised cobra sat atop her brow, and a disk of gold illuminated the statue's head from behind. Harry was drawn to the statue, though she couldn't say why.</p>
<p>"Who is she?" Harry asked, trying to remember what she'd dug up on Egyptian culture the previous year while researching the Dominion Jewel.</p>
<p>"That is Sekhmet," the jewel said softly, circling the statue in a slow, thoughtful way. "Daughter of Ra. She protects the pharaohs in times of war. It is said that Sekhmet's breath created the desert."</p>
<p>"She sounds fierce," Harry said, studying the stone features with interest.</p>
<p>"Sekhmet is a warrior goddess, but also a goddess of healing. Her sign is the sun. It seemed… fitting." There was an almost uncomfortable look on the construct's face, now. She wondered that it seemed capable of awkwardness.</p>
<p>"Very fitting," Harry agreed. She liked the idea of a lioness protecting her mind. "Thank you for building all of this. You've done wonderfully." She focused for a moment and willed a ball of her magic to manifest separately from her core. It bloomed into being on her fingertips, and she held it out toward the jewel with a smile. "Here."</p>
<p>With an awe-filled gaze, the construct moved forward to take it reverently. It consumed the little sphere of fire with an expression close to rapture. "Thank you."</p>
<p>"You earned it… Dom." She grimaced a bit at the startled look it gave her.</p>
<p>"A name?" The jewel had the oddest of frowns.</p>
<p>"It's less pompous than calling yourself Dominion," Harry said, turning her grimace into a smile. "And I can't keep calling you 'jewel' in my head."</p>
<p>"Dom…" the boy—for he <em>was</em> a boy, in seeming and in persona, no matter what he'd been before—smiled faintly. "Very well, Harriet."</p>
<p>It was progress. She left her sentient construct with instructions to practice getting her attention while she wasn't meditating. Soon she would have to see to the suppression of her aura once more, but she had one more thing to take care of as Harry Potter first.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The last time Severus Snape had seen Harriet Potter, the stubborn girl had been an enigma wrapped in a mystery, covered again in a glaringly obvious white sheet. Her prevarications had been prickly and her self-assurance weak. Looking at her now as he collected her from the Guild's lobby, he knew something had changed. The would-be potioneer held her head higher, her back straighter, and the confidence that she had once stacked through sheer willpower upon her shoulders had settled into a true mantle sometime in the past two months.</p>
<p>"I've booked a lab, though this meeting is primarily to discuss preliminary research findings," Severus told the girl.</p>
<p>She nodded once and followed him toward the stairs with a simple, "Thank you for coming, sir."</p>
<p>As they descended into the laboratory levels, Severus allowed his mind to pick through his observations about the girl thus far. His initial impression of the Potter chit had been that she and Rigel were entirely different in nature. Potter was blunt where Rigel was polite. The girl's face was open and arrogant, as though she expected others to like and accept her without reservation. His student, on the other hand, was always more reserved, his face closed and his actions more careful than not.</p>
<p>After multiple interactions, however, Severus was beginning to see more similarities than he expected. She and Rigel both craved recognition, regardless of whether they admitted it. Both young brewers had a tendency to lie first, equivocate second, divert the conversation third, and only when faced with absolutely no alternative begrudgingly part with a modicum of truth. The two young adults hoarded secrets as if they were diamonds, and Potter, just like Rigel, had seemed genuinely surprised and offended at the idea that anyone would attempt to pry those secrets into the light.</p>
<p>Little things tugged at his memory, too. When brewing the Modified Weightless Draught at their last meeting, Potter diced her stalks from root to tip, without discarding any of the ugly bits as many brewers, even professional ones, often did. It was natural to discard the gnarled ends and stringy tips from ingredients when preparing, as one did when cooking, but Potter cut to the very end of her roots. Rigel cut to the end of his roots, too. Severus did not know what it meant—that they were as close as each implied, perhaps. They certainly must work closely with one another, as it seemed to him that even the angle at which Potter tilted her head when she stirred had been similar to Rigel's favored brewing posture.</p>
<p>Severus reached no new conclusions about the girl and her relationship to his protégé before they arrived at the small lab he'd secured for the hour. It was a teaching lab, with a decent sized chalkboard and plenty of spare parchment should they require it.</p>
<p>He pulled his research file from his pocket and enlarged it so that his gleanings could be spread on the central workstation between them. Tapping his finger on the topmost sheaf, he said, "I've revised the recipe for our enhanced variable base, reordering certain steps in order to take into account your suggestion that the signifying ingredient and the shaped magic be added simultaneously to the cauldron. You are correct to theorize that this will focus the amplification on the property of the signifying ingredient that best aligns with the type of magic being imbued."</p>
<p>The girl nodded slowly, a slight smile that she didn't seem to notice pulling at her mouth. "That's good. Now we aren't limited to signifying ingredients that have a single, straightforward magical property. If someone wanted to use mermaid fluke, they shouldn't have to wonder whether the variable base would amplify its hyperthermic or hypothermic properties."</p>
<p>He raised an eyebrow, but made no comment on the unusual example. "Indeed. As long as the magic that is Shape-Imbued speaks to a certain property, that is what the recipe will now choose to augment." He gestured to the rest of the parchment on the counter, "These notes represent the extent of my current experimentations with basilisk scale, and the comparative effectiveness of using more common alternatives, such as dragon eggshell, in its place."</p>
<p>He watched the girl's face as she scanned through his file at a rate that told him she was accustomed to deciphering cramped penmanship. "I have a couple of ideas on enhanced protection potions, as well," she said, still reading even as she addressed him. "My father told me the DMLE wants to buy the patent rights to the disruptor potion I've been selling as an antidote to the protection potion. Apparently they think that if the protection potion reaches mainstream notice, criminals will begin carrying around the disruptor potion just in case."</p>
<p>Severus scowled. The Ministry never missed an opportunity to leverage creative breakthroughs to its advantage. "You refused, of course." He wouldn't put it past the DMLE to attempt to outlaw the sale of the potion altogether if they were unable to procure exclusive rights to it, but if the girl had the sense to stall they had time to get ahead of the issue.</p>
<p>Potter shrugged. "I never patented it, so it's a moot point. It got me thinking, though, that there is a serious market for a protection potion that <em>can't</em> be negated with the general counter-potion. Like a true ward, what if we could tie an individual protection potion to the user?"</p>
<p>His mind raced ahead of her explanation; he was nodding before she'd even finished. "Each set of protection potion and disruptor potion could be custom made as a pair. Many would pay extra for a whiff of real security." An endeavor like that could fund the rest of their research, and was certainly worth exploring.</p>
<p>The girl looked up at him with hesitation glinting behind her spectacles, but whatever she saw in his face loosened her tongue. "I hadn't considered trying to create differently matched sets for each commission. I was thinking more along the lines of still mass-producing the potion, but reworking it so that the signifying ingredient was tied to the individual. I was thinking… what if it worked with blood?"</p>
<p>She could not have surprised him more if she'd suggested they use puppy tails. "Blood," he repeated. "You think this is going to be palatable to the DMLE?"</p>
<p>Potter was aware enough of the fine line she walked to wince at his drawling cynicism. "It seems a bit… unsavory on the surface, but after all the research I've done, it makes the most sense. Blood contains trace magic from a person's core, and as such can be matched to a person exactly, like a fingerprint. All the best permanent home wards are at least partially blood-based. Using it in the protection potion means that when the shield is erected, the person whose blood went into the potion can walk in and out of the shield at will."</p>
<p>"I am aware of how blood identification works," Severus reminded her.</p>
<p>She nodded impatiently. "Then you understand the implications. If we can get the process right, the new potion ward will recognize an individual's magical signature once formed, and one wouldn't have to remain inside the shield until a disruptor was applied. They can put it up around whatever they want to protect and come and go repeatedly. And," the girl added, warming up to her argument with glowing fervor, "since the potion is basically a miniature blood ward itself at that point, a generic disruptor potion like the one I've been using wouldn't be able to dissolve it. You would need the same exact blood or magical signature to undo it."</p>
<p>"You're still talking about making blood magic accessible to the masses," he said flatly. "This type of ward is dangerous."</p>
<p>"Only because people don't understand what they're doing," Potter said, not seeming to comprehend that the advanced, complex nature of the theories she was playing with was exactly the prohibitive barrier that dangerous magic <em>should</em> have. "I'm talking about doing the hard work <em>for</em> people. Like with Polyjuice, it'll be a matter of 'just add X' and the average witch or wizard can erect secure, flexible protection around whatever they want, with the added benefit of being able to undo those protections at a whim as long as they put the same blood into both the protection potion and the disruptor. Not even real wards can be undone on the fly. You need a Wardmaster both to set up and tear them down." When he simply stared at her, caught up in his thoughts on the potential of such an idea, the messy-haired chit had the nerve to plant her hands on the countertop and lean over the workstation toward him as though she could intimidate him into agreeing with her via sheer proximity. "It's no different than the trunks they sells down the street that come with configurable theft protection—some of those spells use blood identification, too!"</p>
<p>Severus narrowed his gaze and the girl hastily retreated to her own side of the counter. "I don't deny that such a thing will appeal to certain sects," he allowed after a pointed pause. In truth he wondered if she'd had purebloods in mind when she envisioned the result. A portable blood ward was inspired; there was no question of finding a market. There was also no question that a product like the one she described would be misused in every way imaginable. The real question was whether the girl had the stomach to go through with it anyway. "Have you considered the consequences? Blood wards are nigh impenetrable when properly generated. You are putting this ability into the hands of Aurors and criminals alike. At least when a Wardmaster erects wards, he can be tasked to take them down should a warrant for such dissolution be procured."</p>
<p>Potter blinked at him. "Are you suggesting that I am responsible for all who use my potion? Anything can be misappropriated, but I think the potential good uses outweigh the evil. I see what you mean about it creating a kind of cheat for the protection of illegal goods or deeds. Do you think I should build a failsafe into the product? I should think that, if it ever became known, such a vulnerability would make the potion much less valuable."</p>
<p>"I suggest nothing," Severus said. His tone conveyed greater unconcern than he felt, but this was not his choice to make. The girl would have to navigate the perils of invention by herself, if she was truly to make her mark on the field. "I am merely ensuring that you account for all potential ramifications should you choose to go ahead with this project. If you require my honest opinion, it is this: you will make a fortune off this idea, if you can execute it as you claim." She would make enemies, too, but he suspected the girl was smart enough to figure that out for herself.</p>
<p>"I shall think more on it then," she said. Her hand ran through her fringe in a gesture that was so like Rigel it sent a spark of déjà vu down his spine. "For now, though, I did have one more idea. This one, at least, will be hard to find nefarious use for." Potter reached into the bag at her side and pulled out several scrolls before weighing them down flat on the table for his perusal. The first was a drawing of what appeared to be a small box with expandable sides, not unlike a fisherman's tackle box. Notations down the side and continuing onto the next several pages described its contents.</p>
<p>"A first-aid kit?" He skimmed down the potions she'd listed in the margin but didn't recognize a single one. They weren't potions, he realized after brief consideration, but healing <em>spells</em>. His breath caught for an instance. "Inspired." The word escaped him before he could check it. She wanted to imbue advanced healing magic into their variable base, paired with a signifying ingredient with related properties, in order to provide emergency medical aid in lieu of a Healer. It was impossible, and yet… what if it wasn't? It would revolutionize the medicine cabinets of every household in Magical Britain. None of the spells or proposed products she'd enumerated currently existed in potion form. A wizard might keep a painkiller or Blood-Replenisher around the house for any chance injuries, but most maladies still required a trip to St. Mungo's to get properly healed. "This might be impossible," he said. There was no need to get carried away in what-ifs just yet. "Have you experimented with any of these yet?"</p>
<p>Potter nodded, pushing one of the pages closer toward him. "The epidermal salve was almost easy. I used the old base, so it can be made more effective later, I think, but the way magic is shaped for knitting and regenerating skin is consistent no matter what type of injury it is. I've healed a lot of cuts and scrapes and even burns, so the Shaped Imbuing didn't take much practice to get right."</p>
<p>She took out a jar containing a thin, watery substance from her pocket and opened it. Before he could think to stay her hand, she'd palmed a small knife from seemingly thin air and pricked her finger with it. The knife vanished with a twist of her wrist and Severus had to push his questions on that to the side as the girl poured a small trickle of the clear liquid over her injured finger. Potter held her hand perfectly still for a few moments, then wiped her finger clean on the hem of her sleeve and held it up to his gaze. The skin was unblemished. It was not the most ostentatious of demonstrations, but Severus felt the wind leave his lungs on a long exhale nonetheless. This discovery was going to ripple through a number of communities, of which Potions and Healing were only the beginning.</p>
<p>"I know I need to add a thickener, if it is to be distributed as a proper salve," the girl was saying. How could she prattle so blithely after upending a stone of this magnitude into the pond of innovation? "I wanted to get the recipe right first, though. With your new base, I think I can use something like unicorn hair to good effect as a signifying ingredient. The more powerful concoctions might need something stronger, though. Phoenix tears, maybe? Those are hard to preserve, though, aren't they?"</p>
<p>Severus ignored the girl's query and looked her dead in the eye. "Have you shared this idea with anyone else?"</p>
<p>"Just Rigel," she said, blinking at him like a bespectacled owl once more. "I got some of the idea from him, actually, after he came home from his internship and described how difficult it was to get quality health care to people in remote areas."</p>
<p>"Fine," he said. "Tell no one else. Continue to research and I will inquire <em>quietly</em> about the licensing requirements for creating medical products such as you propose."</p>
<p>"So you do think it's a good use of Shaped Imbuing?" Potter smiled at him in a way that told him she had no idea the kind of attention she was going to receive if this worked.</p>
<p>"It will certainly generate interest in the field," he drawled.</p>
<p>"Great! As that was the primary purpose of our experimentation this summer, I shall consider our first collaboration a success, Master Snape." The girl was beaming now as she began stacking the parchment on the workstation. "Can I keep these notes on protective signifying ingredients? You can have the ones I brought on blood protection potions as well as what I've got so far on the advanced healing kit. I'll owl you if I get a solid breakthrough, but barring that… would you be open to meeting again over the winter holiday? I understand if you're busy with the term starting again and all—"</p>
<p>"That is acceptable." Severus cut the girl off before she babbled his sanity away. He needed to focus on the myriad possibilities he'd been presented that morning. Their endeavor required more research. And a solicitor, no doubt. At Potter's expectant look, he paused his racing thoughts long enough to say, somewhat stiffly, "An excellent start, Miss Potter. I expect to see at least as much progress when we meet again. Expect my owl as I uncover more information about the regulations this experimentation may face."</p>
<p>"Just Harry is fine," the girl said. Her eyes were thoughtful as she added, "We'll have to arrange human trials, won't we? And acquire some sort of liability insurance, too?"</p>
<p>"I will take care of that, Miss Potter." Severus was certainly not going to call the girl by her first name just because she was poised to utterly upend the magical medical industry in a single swoop. "Just focus on research and application."</p>
<p>"All right," she said, smiling brightly at him again. He could not remember the last time someone had bared their teeth in his direction so unreservedly. "Thank you for all your guidance and collaboration, sir. I look forward to seeing you again this winter."</p>
<p>She left, carrying a bag full of revolutionary ideas with her, and Severus simply sat, and thought, and let the ideas spill forth from his quill for the next twenty minutes. He had expected to spend the morning carefully explaining his summer research and firmly advising the Potter girl on what boundaries of the field she'd scratched out the year before should be focused on for expansion. Instead, she'd surprised him again. Rather than solely attempting to improve that which she'd already created, she came to him with new ideas. Insane ideas. Contagious ideas.</p>
<p>If this was the sort of mad ingenuity the girl could come up with when her interest was invoked, he would fuel the fire of her creativity for as long as she allowed. Let the girl keep her newfound confidence. From what he'd seen today, Potter would damn well earn that pride.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Harry rode the high of her successful meeting with Snape for several days. She was a bit embarrassed to catch herself humming cheerfully as she completed the last of Krait's summer brewing quota, but she was too happy to help it. The day before she and Archie were to leave for the start of term, Harry loaded her arms with crates and made her way to Knockturn Alley for her final delivery.</p>
<p>She was in such a good mood she took a moment to really thank Krait for all he'd done for her. "It's hard to believe it's been three years, but it's really meant a lot to me to be able to brew and have my potions taken seriously," she told him. She had to smile at his gruff embarrassment as he coughed uncomfortably and averted his eyes.</p>
<p>"I didn't do anything except make a profit."</p>
<p>"You took a chance on an unknown brewer." Harry let her gratitude show in her eyes as she waited for him to glance back at her from over the counter. "Thank you."</p>
<p>"You're welcome." He let his expression settle into something like fondness for a moment, then sniffed and turned back to the ledger he had been balancing. "Best take a crate of empties when you go. You know you'll be wanting to brew when you get home on holiday."</p>
<p>Harry agreed, and grabbed a crate of empty bottles from the backroom before leaving the shop. Knockturn Alley wasn't particularly crowded that afternoon, so it was easy to spot Leo's loitering form under an awning across the way. She thought back to the first time they'd met, in that very alley, before she'd understood the dangers of the world she had unwittingly joined. Leo hadn't changed all that much. The same handsome face that grinned as though he held a secret between his teeth. The same ropey build that was just a tad too tall to be stocky. The same eyes, lit with an irrepressible amusement, that looked at her as though she was something more than just a girl who liked potions.</p>
<p>She waited in the middle of the alley as he pushed off the wall and met her with an easy smile. "Headed off tomorrow, aren't you?" he asked. His hand extended to take the crate from her, but Harry moved it out of his reach with a smile of her own.</p>
<p>"I've got it," she assured him. "And yes, tomorrow I'm headed back to the States."</p>
<p>"Try to write this year," he said, walking next to her as she began the trek back to the Leaky Cauldron.</p>
<p>"I will," she said, vowing mentally to actually keep her promise this year. "Even if I don't though, I always read your letters, you know."</p>
<p>Leo smiled at her sidelong and nodded. "I know, lass." They walked a few yards in silence before Leo asked, somewhat unexpectedly, "Did you have a good summer?"</p>
<p>Harry hadn't considered the summer as a whole, but she thought, after a brief consideration, that it <em>had</em> been good. She felt lighter going into her fourth year than she had any of the previous summers. She'd finally come to terms with her magic, and had used it cooperatively with her training from both Leo and Remus. She'd proven to her family at the World Cup that her potions were more than an interesting hobby. Her father's own office used a potion she'd invented, which was something she never could have imagined coming to pass.</p>
<p>She had also given back to the community. She was collaborating with Snape, teaching Lestrange, tutoring the alley kids, and brewing potions for the Maywell clinic. She felt good about what she'd accomplished. Why, she'd even come to an understanding with the Dominion Jewel. After all that, she could honestly say, "It's been the best summer yet."</p>
<p>When they passed through the entryway to Diagon Alley, into the small area between the hidden archway and the Leaky Cauldron's backdoor, Leo made an apologetic noise and stopped to fish a small roll of parchment from his pocket.</p>
<p>"Almost forgot." He tilted his head sheepishly. "Mum asked me to pass this along. A list of potions the clinic has trouble getting hold of, as requested."</p>
<p>Harry's eyes widened with interest. She'd asked Mrs. Hurst if there were other potions like Seifer's Solution that were difficult for her to procure. One of her projects this term was to research the licenses required for specialized distribution. She wiggled the fingers of her left hand without releasing her hold on the crate completely. "Could you…?" She expected him to slip it into that hand, but instead he leaned over and tucked the scroll gently behind her left ear. "Thanks," she said, her voice a bit weak with surprise. Clearing her throat, she added, "If you ever need anything for the clinic or the alleys, I'm just an owl away, ok?"</p>
<p>Leo's eyes searched hers with unmistakable intensity. "You know, it goes both ways. The alleys look after their own, but more importantly, I'll look after you, if you ever need it. I know you don't want me to," he added, correctly interpreting her huff, "but that doesn't stop me caring."</p>
<p>"You don't have to worry about me," she said, a faint blush creeping over her nose and cheeks as their proximity and his bright-eyed affection registered in her awareness.</p>
<p>"I couldn't turn it off even if I tried," he confessed quietly. "I know I sometimes treat it lightly, and I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but my regard for you is completely serious, Harry."</p>
<p>She was barely aware of the red flush extending to burn over the rest of her face as her breath caught unwillingly. Why did he have to go and say that? She waited for the surprise to register, then bit her lip as she realized that, if she truly examined their interactions honestly, she'd known how Leo felt for a while. She'd been ignoring the hints and even outright remarks in the hope that she would not have to confront her own feelings directly.</p>
<p>The vulnerability in Leo's gaze shamed her somewhat. Leo was brave, and she wasn't sure she could match that bravery, but it was disrespectful to him for her not to try. And if nothing else, she was certain of her respect for Leo. Thinking about it like that, there was a lot she admired about the older boy: his drive to better himself and the world, his conscientious awareness of and care for the people around him, his confident leadership, and his willingness to take responsibility for those less capable than himself.</p>
<p>Second to and quite apart from his objectively admirable qualities, there were personal things she liked about their relationship, too. Leo had never judged her for anything but her own merit. Her magic never unnerved him. Her blood status never interested him. Her youth, sex, family, none of it had dissuaded him from befriending and supporting her from the beginning. Even her secrets, a point of friction between her and the world in so many of her other relationships, only concerned Leo insofar as they pertained to his concern for her.</p>
<p>All this went through her mind as she stood there dumbly, not knowing what to do because, for all that, she still didn't know if her feelings for Leo were of the level and nature that he hoped. She didn't <em>not</em> like him, but she had always felt that her life held no room for romance. It was, at best, a distraction. At worst it would prove dangerous to the deceptions and assumptions that her plans were predicated upon. But how to express such an unsatisfying sentiment? It would be easier, she thought ruefully, if she had no interest in Leo at all. She could simply tell him so and hope their friendship would settle back into what it had been. Harry could not bear to lie to her friend about her potential feelings for him, however. She felt that such a lie would somehow be worse than all the ones that had come before.</p>
<p>Leo was, as always, perceptive. He must have read the hesitation and uncertainty in her increasingly distressed expression, for he summoned a brave little smile and shook his head slowly. "It's all right, Harry. You don't have to… I don't expect anything from you in response. I just couldn't let you go off again without making myself clear."</p>
<p>She nodded, grateful and humbled by his understanding. Words seemed impossible to form as her throat closed up against the emotions running through her, but she managed a choked, "Thank you," before her brain decided breathing was more important than talking and cut off any further attempts at articulation.</p>
<p>She turned her lower body and took a hesitant step toward the Leaky's backdoor, but her eyes remained fixed on the friend that had come to mean so much to her over the past three years. What had just happened? Was their friendship somehow different, now?</p>
<p>Leo shooed her away with a crooked grin. "Go on, then. Don't be afraid to come back after this."</p>
<p>Harry bristled, and the sudden indignation found her voice. "I'm not afraid of anything, Lionel Hurst, least of all you." She moved to lean on the door before she could work herself up into any more emotional states and gave her exasperating friend a prim nod. "See you."</p>
<p>"Be careful this year."</p>
<p>She was always careful, she thought despairingly as she left. It just never seemed to do her any good.</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
