<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <title>The Futile Facade</title>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 6</h2>
    <div class="storytext">
        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>There was something about the first of September that made anticipation crackle like lightning in her stomach. It wasn't just the Modified Polyjuice that she'd taken that morning, though the unpleasant sludge wasn't helping. It was the air itself, the barest chill in the morning that anticipated the turn of the season. She smoothed the school robes she'd already changed into and took a final glance in the mirror to make sure all was in order before she joined the others in their compartment.</p>
<p>Rigel's face hadn't changed at all from the beginning of the summer. Unfortunately, it had been impossible to update her Modified Polyjuice due to simple logistics. She had just been at Draco's house as Rigel, and didn't think she could pass off the dramatic shift in a space of a few weeks as unconscious metamorphing when 'Harry' hadn't undergone a sudden growth spurt in the same period. They would have to make do with waiting until next summer to update it properly; perhaps she and Archie would both have long absences abroad.</p>
<p>She'd still opted to take another dose of Modified Polyjuice, using the same hairs as the dose she'd taken at the beginning of the summer. She'd learned her lesson with the time-turner last year. Even though there was no reason to think she'd have to go longer than the end of term to take another dose, Rigel wasn't going to make such assumptions again.</p>
<p>Finding nothing amiss, Rigel left the bathroom and made her way down the train until she reached the compartment her friends favored. For once, she was the last to arrive. Pansy rose to greet her at once, the fierce smile on her face enough to warm Rigel's spirit even before the other girl wrapped Rigel in a firm embrace.</p>
<p>"Let me look at you," Pansy said, holding Rigel still with her hands while she examined her. "You've changed a lot, as usual." Rigel supposed from Pansy's perspective, she had. Pansy had last seen her at the end of term, before over a year and a half of compressed time had caught up to her. Luckily, she still looked a bit younger than she should, since she was older than her cousin now and the blending ritual averaged their ages to create the hair she used to assume her current face. Then again, her friends had all grown up a bit over the summer, too.</p>
<p>"You're one to talk," Rigel said, her eyes roaming over Pansy's features. The blonde girl's bone structure was more defined this year, as it looked like she'd lost most of the roundness in her face. As Pansy tilted her head and smiled, Rigel could see that her friend's poised expressions now had a face to match. Sometimes she forgot that Pansy was nearly a year older than her and Draco—or had been, in Rigel's case.</p>
<p>Pansy released her, but her eyes didn't leave Rigel's face as she asked, more seriously, "Are you doing all right, Rigel?"</p>
<p>She couldn't pretend not to know what Pansy meant, but she didn't really want to talk about that. Sirius had already made a minor fuss on the platform. He was deeply concerned with his son returning to Hogwarts after what had happened last year, though he tried not to show it. Rigel gave Pansy the same answer she'd given Sirius. "Never better." Honestly, she thought she'd be a lot better if people stopped bringing it up. Yes, she'd had a bad experience at Hogwarts last year, but the same could be said of every year so far. Despite that, there were far more good memories for her at Hogwarts than bad.</p>
<p>"How was everyone's summer?" she asked as she took the last remaining seat next to Millicent and across from Blaise.</p>
<p>"Wouldn't you like to know?" Theo's suggestive tone was accompanied by wagging eyebrows, which prompted Millicent to punch him in the arm and scowl.</p>
<p>"Not anymore we don't." The dark-haired girl was a couple inches taller and her voice had a lower, smoother quality to it than Rigel remembered. "I spent the summer abroad," Millicent added. "My father took me to Geneva with him to further my political education."</p>
<p>"Were you there after the World Cup?" Blaise asked, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. As always, the intensity of his calculating, somewhat cat-like eyes distracted from any attempt to catalogue the rest of him, but Rigel still got the impression that he, too, was a bit taller.</p>
<p>Millicent nodded, grimacing. "What a fiasco. The British Ministry's reputation has never been worse. We insisted on controlling the event, and now it's come back to bite us."</p>
<p>"I hear Bulgaria has incinerated a number of our trade agreements," Theo said.</p>
<p>"They weren't the only ones." Blaise made a token attempt to sound concerned, but the primary expression on his face was fascination. "Several European nations have expressed reservations about doing business with Britain in the wake of an event many perceive to be destabilizing."</p>
<p>"Idiots," Draco said, shaking his head. "They'll regret that. My father says there's something big in the works that's going to make all this go away."</p>
<p>Millicent sat up straighter in her seat. "My father hinted along similar lines! Do you know what's going on? All I've gathered is that it involves Hogwarts in some way. It must be something monumental, if they want to sweep the World Cup disaster under the rug quickly."</p>
<p>"Father wouldn't give me specifics," Draco admitted. "He kept saying I'd find out soon enough. Then he started showing up to my dueling practice and giving me pointers. I can't fathom that he wants me involved in anything going on at that high a level, though."</p>
<p>"Very suspicious," Blaise agreed. "Mother hasn't said anything, but then, she rarely interests herself in politics beyond the social gatherings."</p>
<p>"Father told me to keep my head down this year," Pansy said, frowning slightly. "I did think it odd, but it makes sense if something big is happening at Hogwarts. Is the Party organizing it, then?"</p>
<p>Draco nodded. "Lord Riddle made it sound as though it was the Ministry's doing, but the way he and Father talked about it, I could tell it was meant to further our agenda somehow. Don't you think, Rigel?"</p>
<p>Rigel kept her face carefully neutral as she said, "Most likely. No doubt the Ministry is supporting it in order to recoup their losses from the World Cup." She was going to say something more, but a sharp pain in her head distracted her. She winced minutely and pushed her thoughts toward the likely perpetrator. <em>Dom, not a good time to practice.</em></p>
<p>The jewel had been working on communicating with her sans meditation, as promised. So far, he didn't seem to have a good way to get her attention without pain, though the discomfort had been reduced with each successive time the construct attempted it. Dom's reply floated up in the back of her mind softly, like a bubble of air rising to the surface of a lake before popping. <em>Not practicing.</em></p>
<p>Rigel fought not to frown. A real warning? She was on the middle of the Hogwarts Express, for Merlin's sake. None of her friends even had sustained eye contact—how could she be under mental attack? She caught Draco glancing at her furtively from across the isle and suspicion bloomed. Was Dom picking up on Draco's empathy? Had Draco scanned her emotions to try and get an idea of how she felt about Riddle's plans? Rigel summoned her Occlumency skills and smoothed her emotions into utter calmness. After a few moments, the slight headache receded and she assumed whatever it was Dom was reacting to had stopped.</p>
<p>She'd only been distracted for a minute, so the conversation was easy to rejoin. Millicent was saying that the Ministry was desperate to look as though it was in control, so the big event their parents had hinted at must be a way to save face.</p>
<p>"It's about money for the Ministry," Rigel said, remembering what she was going to say earlier. "The Department of Games and Sports is bankrupt. All that personal property loss at the Cup means lawsuits and thousands of demands for refunds. Whatever Riddle has planned, if it brings in revenue, the Ministry will support it completely. Harry says her dad has a hand in some of the preparations, too, so this thing is at least big enough to warrant professional security." Her father had intimated as much when she'd prodded Archie into asking James if he should expect to see him at Hogwarts that year. James had awkwardly said he wasn't at liberty to confirm anything, which essentially confirmed it. If the Auror Department was involved, the Ministry was giving Riddle their full cooperation.</p>
<p>Her friends all exchanged wary looks. "That makes it sound like it could be a spectator event of some kind," Theo said slowly. "Making money usually means asking for donations or charging for something."</p>
<p>"And either one requires the same thing: <em>press</em>," Millicent said.</p>
<p>Draco scowled. "How troublesome. We'll have no peace."</p>
<p>"We'll be expected to put a very good face on," Pansy added, nodding slowly. "It explains Father's advice, too. With the anti-pureblood backlash from the Cup, we can't afford to draw too much attention to ourselves in front of the media."</p>
<p>Theo huffed a sigh. "All plans for a quiet year foiled before it even begins. Face it; we're cursed."</p>
<p>"What do you mean 'we'?" Blaise sent Rigel a half-lidded look.</p>
<p>Draco and Pansy both bristled on her behalf.</p>
<p>"You can't blame Rigel for—"</p>
<p>"How dare you suggest such a—"</p>
<p>The compartment door slid open, cutting off the their outrage. A head of yellow pigtails poked in shyly and a pair of wide eyes swept the compartment slowly before resting on Blaise. "Um. Hi," she squeaked out, voice barely above a whisper.</p>
<p>"Hannah." Their dark friend stood gracefully and smiled. "Excellent timing. Shall we?"</p>
<p>He shot a small smirk over his shoulder as he exited the compartment with the Hufflepuff girl in tow. Pansy shot him a resigned glare and Draco looked positively murderous.</p>
<p>"He did that on purpose," Draco snarled.</p>
<p>"Enhanced shifter hearing," Theo said, nodding sagely. "Probably knew she was coming all the way down the train car."</p>
<p>"I thought her relatives didn't approve of Blaise," Millicent said, a contemplative frown on her face. "Last I heard their families haven't reconciled."</p>
<p>"He doesn't care," Theo said, shrugging. "Blaise chose her, and he'll keep at it until he gets his way."</p>
<p>Millicent quirked an eyebrow at Theo. "Perhaps Blaise is more like his mother than I realized. I've heard Lady Zabini always gets what she wants, too."</p>
<p>Pansy shook her head. "Careful what you suggest, Millie. Lady Zabini also has a tendency to outlast her critics."</p>
<p>As a group, they agreed it would be best to change the subject. The afternoon wore into early evening, and Rigel was just contemplating a nap when their compartment door opened again, this time for the Weasley twins. Rigel assumed they were there to see her, but to her chagrin both Fred and George zeroed in on Draco with Kneazle smiles.</p>
<p>Draco scowled at them, but rose unprompted and retrieved a substantial sack from his trunk. With the dignity only possessed by the truly annoyed, Draco handed it over to Fred's eager possession with barely a sniff.</p>
<p>"What a pleasure doing business with you, Draco," Fred said cheerfully, bouncing the sack to produce a clinking noise that made him grin even wider.</p>
<p>Rigel watched Draco's eyebrow twitch at being addressed so casually by the redhead, but to his credit he did not rise to the bait. "Try not to lose it on your way out," he said stiffly, reclaiming his seat in open dismissal of the twins.</p>
<p>"How's it been, Rigel?" George asked, quite obviously not in a hurry to leave.</p>
<p>"Just fine, you?"</p>
<p>"Oh, you know, a little experimentation here, a minor re-purposing of the kitchen there." George shrugged. "We're pretty sure Mum would have kicked us out of the house if we'd been of age."</p>
<p>"There's always next year," she said encouragingly.</p>
<p>Fred and George laughed. "Good to see you, Pup," Fred said, saluting her as he pocketed the sack of galleons at last.</p>
<p>"See you around," George added, waving facetiously to the rest of the compartment before he and Fred took their leave.</p>
<p>When the compartment door shut behind them, Theo could no longer contain himself. "What did you do to owe the <em>Weasleys</em> that many galleons?"</p>
<p>"Shut. Up." Draco turned his face to the window and would say no more.</p>
<p>Mischievously, Rigel leaned around Millicent to mouth <em>tell you later</em>. She was impressed with her friend for keeping his end of the wager, but that didn't meant she wasn't going to let him be teased mercilessly for falling for it in the first place.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Rigel kept an eye on Draco as they settled at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall and awaited the Sorting. He was much more put together than the previous year. He looked comfortable in his own skin, and she was pleased that he seemed fully capable of controlling the emotive input his gift provided even in the moderately rowdy crowd of excitable returning students.</p>
<p>She was a bit fatigued from her menstrual cycle once again making an appearance. It had taken a couple of months to re-regulate her body after stopping her time-turner use, but she was back to her usual schedule now. She just wished they'd hurry up with the Sorting and start the feast. Her cramps were always worse when she was hungry.</p>
<p>"Is anyone we know being Sorted this year?" Draco asked Pansy.</p>
<p>Pansy tucked a lock of hair behind her ear thoughtfully, and Rigel noticed it was now long enough to reach past her shoulders. "I think the Rowle Heiress is eleven this year. The Carrow Heir, too."</p>
<p>"Don't forget Billy Travers," Millicent put in.</p>
<p>"I thought he was slated for Durmstrang." Pansy's mouth was a thoughtful moue. "Isn't his father friends with the Headmaster there?"</p>
<p>Millicent shrugged. "I saw him on the platform. I guess Durmstrang wouldn't take him."</p>
<p>"Durmstrang's definition of pureblood is more strict than Hogwarts'. I'm fairly sure one of his great grandmothers was a Muggleborn," Draco said.</p>
<p>"Durmstrang requires four generations of magical blood on both sides?" Rigel hadn't known that. It seemed a very strict requirement, and she wondered how many people at Hogwarts met that standard.</p>
<p>"Preferably more, but if your surname is old, you can get away with four as a minimum," Millicent explained. "And they don't make exceptions for creature blood, the way schools like Beauxbatons do."</p>
<p>"Technically Beauxbatons accepts all students, regardless of blood," Rigel pointed out.</p>
<p>"Technically, that's a load of centaur dung," Theo said, snorting in amusement. "If you look at their actual acceptance statistics, Halfbloods make up a steady five percent; they keep that quota for publicity purposes, and I hear the Halfbloods pay twice the tuition anyway. As for Muggleborns, I think the last one on record was six years ago, and she didn't graduate."</p>
<p>Rigel held her tongue, but she couldn't help the disgust she felt at how readily those of lesser blood were dismissed and discarded without ever being given a proper chance. She felt a small mental spike and flicked her eyes to Draco. He was watching her intently, and Rigel narrowed her eyes before quelling her emotions firmly. The pain subsided and she sent a quick, <em>thanks Dom</em>, to her mindscape. As the Deputy Headmistress at last paraded the first years into the hall, Rigel was left wondering just how often her friend scanned her emotions. Was he just using it on everyone all the time or did he check up on her emotional state specifically? Either way, she may have to be more careful.</p>
<p>The hall quieted, and the Sorting Hat came alive once more to sing.</p>
<p>"There is a tale you may have heard;</p>
<p>The whole world knows it well</p>
<p>And every year inside this hall</p>
<p>That story I retell</p>
<p>There once were four inspired lords</p>
<p>And ladies who it seemed</p>
<p>Did take upon themselves a task</p>
<p>That no one else had dreamed</p>
<p>On this site they built a castle</p>
<p>Matched to their ambition</p>
<p>Its walls would house the children if</p>
<p>Their plans came to fruition</p>
<p>Its doors would open wide to all</p>
<p>Who sought to fill their minds</p>
<p>Yes, every child was welcome here</p>
<p>Regardless of their kind!</p>
<p>Sir Godric loved the daring ones</p>
<p>And Salazar, the sly</p>
<p>Rowena sought the ones with smarts</p>
<p>And Helga, those who try</p>
<p>And while each had their favorites</p>
<p>The truth was widely known</p>
<p>The founders cared for all their charges</p>
<p>—Not one group alone!</p>
<p>Although Godric designed me to</p>
<p>Decide where you will stay</p>
<p>What many now forget is that</p>
<p>Each student got a say</p>
<p>The truth is that your choices are</p>
<p>What make you so unique</p>
<p>A cursory inspection just</p>
<p>Can't find the things I seek</p>
<p>No one is born courageous, wise,</p>
<p>Ambitious, or hard working</p>
<p>It's folly to imagine I</p>
<p>Could find such traits just lurking</p>
<p>It's willpower alone that makes you</p>
<p>Something to behold</p>
<p>So disregard your prejudice!</p>
<p>Forget what you've been told!</p>
<p>Instead look to your heart to judge</p>
<p>Who <em>you</em> would like to be</p>
<p>And when you try me on I promise</p>
<p>—that is what I'll see!"</p>
<p>Perfunctory applause rang out, but, like last year, it was filled with murmuring and curious commentary.</p>
<p>"I swear it gets less specific every year," Theo said, laughing a bit. "I mean, if it keeps deteriorating the first-years will have to sort themselves."</p>
<p>"It is quite old," Blaise pointed out. "Perhaps its magic is finally fading."</p>
<p>Rigel thought it more likely that the hat had simply forgotten its audience. Still, the Sorting proceeded without incident. The Carrow boy was the first to join Slytherin, and Rigel couldn't help but wonder how an eleven-year-old could have such a haughty look about them. Rowanda Rowle was a timid little thing, with long brown hair hanging into her face, and Travers, who seemed much too big to be a first-year, had a sullen-faced look about him that Rigel hoped wasn't permanent.</p>
<p>"Not much hope for the new lot," Theo commented as the Sorting Hat was taken away.</p>
<p>"Too soon to tell," Pansy said kindly.</p>
<p>They quieted as Dumbledore stood to give his opening announcements. The anticipation on her classmates' faces told Rigel they expected the Headmaster to say something about the anticipated event their parents had hinted at. Dumbledore, however, gave the usual start of term reminders and warnings and sat back down, with absolutely no reference or allusion to any kind of unusual happenings at Hogwarts that year.</p>
<p>Her eyes slid along the Head Table, noting the new faces. There were only two. One was a dark-haired man with a solid build who she supposed was probably the new Care of Magical Creatures professor, because the other one was Auror Dawlish. She recognized his close-cropped hair and perpetually serious expression. He could only be their new Defense professor, but she wondered whether Dumbledore or the Ministry had arranged for him to take a leave of absence from work for so long.</p>
<p>When the food appeared, her year-mates seemed too distracted to even notice, but Rigel dug in with alacrity while they furiously discussed the conspicuous lack of information.</p>
<p>"Maybe he's not permitted to say anything," Millicent supposed.</p>
<p>"More like he doesn't approve of whatever is happening," Draco said. "If it's something that's going to make the S.O.W. Party look good, there's no reason for Dumbledore to support it."</p>
<p>"If none of our parents have revealed it yet, chances are we won't find out until an official announcement," Blaise reasoned.</p>
<p>"You'd think they'd want to at least warn the students that something was going on," Theo said, sounding a bit put out. "After all, we can't be the only ones who have heard something from our parents.</p>
<p>"Ask Snape," Rigel said. Her friends all turned to look at her. She took a swig from her water goblet and cleared her throat. "He usually knows what the Party is up to when it happens at Hogwarts." At least, she suspected he did.</p>
<p>"You say 'up to' like it's going to be a bad thing," Pansy said, frowning slightly.</p>
<p>"Isn't it always?" Rigel shrugged as her friend's troubled expression deepened. "Maybe this year is the exception," she allowed. "I mean, bringing politics into a school full of kids never ends badly, does it?"</p>
<p>Draco was looking increasingly alarmed and Theo straight out gaped at her. Blaise shot a look up and down the table around them before leaning forward and lowering his voice. "Be careful, Rigel. The Party has ears everywhere, and it can make life difficult for you."</p>
<p>Rigel leveled a look at Blaise and slowly slid it to encompass each of her friends in turn before saying, "I don't give a brass Knut if the Party hears my opinion. I'll say it to Riddle's face. Whatever is happening at Hogwarts this year is a bad idea."</p>
<p>Pansy's face paled two shades and she immediately changed the subject. "Will you be starting up the Dueling Club again, Draco? We all so enjoyed it last year."</p>
<p>Draco picked up the thread of conversation easily, but his eyes kept flicking worriedly toward Rigel. He was not the only one. She knew she had unnerved the others with her blunt speech. She didn't care, though. She was so sick and tired of tiptoeing around the Party's ill-conceived plots while they played havoc with her life. As she picked at her food, waiting for the feast to end, she began to feel a bit guilty at startling them, though. It wasn't their fault that their families were embedded in the Party. They didn't know where the Basilisk came from, nor anything about the Dominion Jewel and Riddle's hand in its presence at Hogwarts. It wasn't really fair to put them in the position of listening to her criticize it, when any perception of disloyalty on their part might spell trouble for their families.</p>
<p>She needed to pull herself together. She'd grown too bold in the last few months, forgotten how to keep her own council. She couldn't be herself here, and she couldn't afford to forget that while Pansy, Draco, Millicent, Blaise, and Theo were her friends, their ultimate loyalty was not to her and never would be.</p>
<p>Rigel kept to herself for the remainder of the meal, and when Slytherin House traipsed to the dungeons she hung back a little, letting the others pull ahead of her in the crowd. She had a moment of wistfulness as she thought of her time in the lower alleys that summer. That freedom was beyond her reach right now. It was time to focus on the task at hand.</p>
<p>When they'd assembled in the common room to await their Head of House, Rigel sidled back over to her friends and gave them an apologetic smile. Pansy sighed, but took Rigel's hand and pressed it briefly. "Do try not to give us all heart attacks at every meal this year, Rye."</p>
<p>She reached up with her free hand to ruffle her bangs sheepishly. "Sorry, Pan. I don't mean to burden you with my worldview. Sometimes my tongue runs away from me."</p>
<p>Pansy's gaze was both worried and a bit sad. "You <em>can</em> talk to us about stuff like that, you know. Just maybe," she dropped her voice, "not in the middle of the Great Hall."</p>
<p>"Right." Rigel grimaced. She had really lost her head there. She probably ought to start exercising her Occlumency all the time, if for no other reason than that Riddle's name was likely to come up an infuriating amount over the next few months. She could only hope that whatever he was scheming came to a swift conclusion and left them in peace.</p>
<p>Snape's appearance commanded instantaneous silence. He surveyed the room slowly, probably mentally accounting for all who ought to be present. His eyes met Rigel's briefly before moving on and finally resting on the new first-years.</p>
<p>"Welcome to Slytherin House," he said. Somehow Snape's voice could fill a room no matter how quietly he spoke. "I am your Head of House, Potions Master Severus Snape. No doubt you believe you understand what Slytherin House entails; forget the misconceptions you harbor. Slytherin House is a unit. We are the bulwark of tradition against a backdrop of indolence and idiocy. Here, you will find refuge for neither. Your triumphs will be your House's pride, your disgraces likewise. That said, Slytherin House will not itself make you into the witches and wizards you aim to be. Every individual in this room must work for their ambitions. It is for Slytherin House to support and safeguard those ambitions until they see achievement."</p>
<p>He paused for a moment to sweep the room with his gaze before continuing in a slightly different vein. "If you have not heard rumors already, know that this year there are certain anticipated events that will elevate this school to public scrutiny like nothing you have experienced thus far. With the eyes of the world upon us, you <em>will</em> make Slytherin proud. Each of you will do your part to present a dignified, unified, façade until this charade is over." He cut off a sixth year's question with a sharp cut of his hand. "You will know more when it is necessary. For now, simply be cognizant of your appearance and behavior. If any one of you brings shame to the house of snakes, it will not be only me that you must answer to." With that ominous declaration, Snape swept from the room, leaving the prefects to corral the firsties and the rest of them to exchange murmured conversation.</p>
<p>"Well, that answers that," Theo said, releasing a small laugh. "We've just become the Abraxans in the Party's dog and pony show."</p>
<p>"And me without my manicure done," Millicent said drolly.</p>
<p>Rigel laughed along with the others, but there was a burning sensation in her stomach that she doubted would go away until she knew exactly what the year was to entail. It was like being told you had a grave illness but the exact diagnosis was inconclusive. She just wanted to <em>know</em> what was going to happen so she could start dealing with it.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>When Snape dropped Rigel's fourth year class schedule next to her plate at breakfast, Draco snatched it up so fast she was surprised he didn't pop a joint. He ignored her long-suffering sigh and perused it at his leisure.</p>
<p>"No potions," he said. "I suppose you're self-studying again this year." His eyes boggled. "<em>Alchemy?</em> Since when do you take Alchemy?"</p>
<p>"Ah, well, remember last year when I was taking more classes than you thought?" Rigel's smile wilted slightly under Draco's affronted glare. "Yes, I am taking Alchemy."</p>
<p>"Healing I guessed, but how did you even get into Alchemy? You need recommendations from about three different professors." Draco was a little more worked up than Rigel would have anticipated, if she had thought to realize that her friends would be very curious about her schedule this year.</p>
<p>Pansy gently plucked the schedule from Draco's hand and looked over it herself. "You've dropped Ancient Runes," she said, humming thoughtfully.</p>
<p>"I figured I could self-study that subject the easiest," Rigel explained. "Arithmancy pairs really well with Alchemy, anyway, and I knew I wanted to keep that one."</p>
<p>"What's it like, learning from Dumbledore himself?" Blaise asked from across the table, shameless in his eavesdropping.</p>
<p>"Very different from my other classes," Rigel admitted. "He literally wrote the textbook himself. His handwriting is a little hard to read sometimes, and there are no chapters or quizzes or tests. We just kind of meander from topic to topic as it comes up."</p>
<p>Blaise raised his eyebrows. "That sounds a bit lackadaisical. Isn't there an OWL curriculum you should be following?"</p>
<p>"Actually, no, there's no OWL for Alchemy," Rigel said. It had been one of her first questions, too.</p>
<p>Draco frowned. "What's the point of taking the class, then?"</p>
<p>"Some people learn things for their own sake," Rigel said, smiling.</p>
<p>"But you could be taking a class that did provide you an OWL," Theo put in. Rigel looked over to see him and Millicent both following the conversation with unabashed fascination.</p>
<p>"OWLs don't really matter for me," Rigel said honestly. "I only need a handful to keep my wand. The Potions Guild only requires the Potions and Herbology NEWTs anyway as a prerequisite to trying for the Mastery."</p>
<p>"You are such a Ravenclaw sometimes," Draco complained. He turned to his own schedule finally and scanned it quickly. His mouth dropped open in shock. "No Dueling? What are they playing at?" Draco stood at once, breakfast forgotten, and strode off in the direction of the professors' table.</p>
<p>"Perhaps the Defense professor isn't up to teaching two classes this year," Millicent said, chewing her bacon thoughtfully. "Shame. I liked your uncle okay, Rigel."</p>
<p>Rigel inclined her head in thanks. When Pansy finally returned her schedule she looked it over to make sure the things she'd discussed with Professor Snape were reflected accurately. Monday and Wednesday she had Charms, Transfiguration, and Herbology. Tuesday and Thursday were DADA, History, and Arithmancy. Friday she would have Healing in the morning and Alchemy in the afternoon. Astronomy was every Thursday evening after sundown. Potions wasn't listed anywhere, but she'd already agreed to have lessons Friday, Saturday, or Sunday with her Head of House, depending on his schedule each week.</p>
<p>"Rigel," Pansy said, causing her to look up at the blond girl curiously. "Is your schedule correct in putting you in the fifth year Healing class?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded. "I'm the only student for fourth year, and the fifth year class fits better in my schedule anyway. Madam Pomfrey says it won't be any trouble to get me up to speed. It didn't sound like her fifth year student was much more advanced."</p>
<p>Pansy nodded thoughtfully. "Healing has an OWL, I believe. Will you take it at the end of the year?"</p>
<p>Rigel blinked. She had not thought of that. "I suppose I may as well," she said. "The NEWT isn't offered at Hogwarts unless you get special permission, so this will be my last year taking it officially regardless."</p>
<p>"Why is that?" Pansy asked.</p>
<p>"I think it's because an NEWT in the subject requires a wider range of experience than can be got from a classroom alone," Rigel said. "At AIM, Harry's program has her working at local hospitals in a supervised role, because for a lot of the practical aspects, you need an actual sick or injured person or animal to practice on. Madam Pomfrey can only provide so much in a few hours a week. I know she has had NEWT students in the past, but they end up dropping most of their other NEWT classes and focusing on that alone."</p>
<p>"I hadn't considered that," Pansy said, looking somewhat ill. "You practice on animals, Rigel?"</p>
<p>She winced. "I do. Sorry, Pan. Madam Pomfrey puts them unconscious and numbs them up, so they don't suffer if I make a mistake. Also, we only use animals that can be usefully harvested. It's not wanton, but I can't tell you an animal never gets hurt."</p>
<p>The girl shuddered slightly. "I'm glad I didn't apply to take that subject."</p>
<p>"What do you have this year?" Rigel asked, turning her attention delicately away from the gruesome realities of Healing class. "Did you stick with Arithmancy?"</p>
<p>"I did," Pansy said, pushing her schedule toward Rigel for a quick comparison. "I dropped Divination—it wasn't as rigorous a subject as I thought it would be. I'm sticking with Care of Magical Creatures, though. Did you know Rookwood's uncle is teaching it this year?"</p>
<p>Rigel shook her head. "That's bound to be a great class, then. He owns a creature reserve, right? I bet he's a lot more knowledgeable than last year's professor."</p>
<p>If Pansy noticed that Rigel chose not to say Pettigrew's name out loud, she let it go gracefully.</p>
<p>Breakfast was wrapping up and Draco had not returned. Rigel and Pansy decided it was better to meet him in class than to wait around and potentially lose points for all three of them being tardy, and began making their way toward the Great Hall doors.</p>
<p>A voice from the Ravenclaw table called out to Rigel as she passed. Rigel turned to see Cho Chang waving at her from the other side. She approached curiously, Pansy close behind her. "Good morning," she said, tilting her head as the Asian girl thrust a stack of parchment at her. "What's this?"</p>
<p>"Madam Pomfrey told me you were joining my Healing class," Chang said, smiling in a way that brought out the soft prettiness of her features. "Those are my notes from last year. It's just me taking it this year, so it'll be nice to have company and someone to study with."</p>
<p>Rigel took the notes with a returning smile. "This is very kind of you. I'll be sure to study hard so I don't hold you back too much."</p>
<p>Cho shook her head, and her long, black hair briefly obstructed her eyes before she pushed it back again. "Madam Pomfrey says you are already ahead of the fourth year curriculum. I'm sure we will learn a lot together."</p>
<p>"See you Friday, then," Rigel said, tucking the hefty stack of notes away in her bag neatly. It would be nice to have a classmate to bounce ideas off of, she thought. Archie was decidedly ahead of her now in every aspect of Healing, and his explanations were sometimes too advanced to follow easily.</p>
<p>As she walked toward the Charms classroom with Pansy, her friend looked sidelong at her and said, a playful tone to her voice, "That was interesting."</p>
<p>"Why's that?" Rigel asked, quirking an eyebrow at the mischievous expression on Pansy's face.</p>
<p>"The Changs are relatively new to English Wizarding society, but they have good connections all the same," Pansy said, choosing not to answer the question directly. "She walked about with Adrian for a few months last year, but they parted amiably."</p>
<p>"That is very interesting," Rigel said flatly, fighting an eye roll as she understood Pansy's pointed speculation. "If only I weren't already betrothed."</p>
<p>Pansy bumped her admonishingly. "You can't hide behind that contract forever, Rigel. It's perfectly obvious you have no intention of marrying your cousin."</p>
<p>"Only to someone as brilliant and socially accomplished as you, dear Pansy." At least, Rigel hoped it wasn't that obvious to anyone else.</p>
<p>Draco caught up to them as they reached the classroom, and one look at his face told them he had not been successful in correcting the perceived deficiency in his schedule.</p>
<p>"No Dueling, then?" Rigel guessed, frowning sympathetically. "Did Snape say why?"</p>
<p>"No," Draco said, scowling. "I know it has something to do with whatever the event is that's happening here, though. He said I can't start my Dueling Club again, either! How is that fair?"</p>
<p>"They cancelled the class and the club?" Pansy raised her eyebrows. "That's a rather obvious hint. Are they holding a dueling tournament?"</p>
<p>"I asked that, and Snape said that wasn't why. I couldn't tell whether he was lying—his Occlumency is too good for my Empathy to read," Draco complained. Rigel gathered he must be very annoyed if he went so far as to mention his gift aloud. He normally pretended he was merely clairvoyant rather than acknowledge it openly.</p>
<p>"It could also be because of the press," Rigel pointed out. "Maybe for some reason people don't want it known that Dueling is taught at Hogwarts."</p>
<p>"It's a magic school, it's <em>supposed</em> to teach us those things." Draco shook his head with disgust and flopped into his seat with all the grace of a narcoleptic troll falling unconscious.</p>
<p>"It's not exactly an uncommon subject," Pansy agreed. "I suppose we'll have to wait and see what the reasoning is. If there is a dueling competition to be held, then you can enter. If there isn't, we'll find another way to practice."</p>
<p>"Exactly," Rigel said encouragingly. "Who says we have to form a club to practice dueling?"</p>
<p>"I tried that," Draco said, sighing dejectedly. "Snape said if he got a single report of any Slytherins dueling on Hogwarts grounds he would hold me personally responsible and I'd be in detention for a month."</p>
<p>Rigel couldn't mask her surprise. Snape practically doted on his godson. For him to issue so severe a threat could only mean that the dueling ban was serious. Pansy made encouraging noises about finding somewhere Snape wouldn't be monitoring to keep up their practice, but all Rigel could think was that if there was some kind of dueling competition at Hogwarts, she would stay well out of it.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>No one was sure what to expect from the new Defense professor. Whether at meals or in the corridors, Auror Dawlish always bore the same staid look of disinterested professionalism. By Tuesday, rumors already abounded that Professor Dawlish was strict and humorless, but they had also heard that he didn't assign essays. It was with cautious curiosity that the fourth year Slytherins and Gryffindors took their seats for the double lesson.</p>
<p>Dawlish read off the roll briskly, only pausing to mark down modifications to pronunciation before continuing without comment down the list. As he tucked the roll away in a pocket of the olive trench coat he seemed to favor, the Auror surveyed them with a blank expression. A couple of steps in his sturdy boots brought the tall man to the center of the room, where he paused and snapped, "Eyes on me."</p>
<p>Those students at the front of the room who hadn't turned their heads to follow the man whipped around in their seats, startled.</p>
<p>"The first thing you will learn in this class is to always keep your eyes on the biggest threat in the room. That would be me, in case it wasn't clear." His icy blue eyes narrowed as they swept the classroom once more. He walked to the back of the classroom and turned to face them. None of the students looked away.</p>
<p>Rigel felt her eyebrows rise of their own accord. Unexpectedly, Auror Dawlish could carry a room. She knew the man was one of her father's go-to Aurors for important assignments, but she'd never heard him speak more than a handful of words at a time. Then again, she supposed she'd always seen him on duty, most often guarding the Minister in Fudge's personal detail. She wondered again how he'd gotten the Defense Against the Dark Arts job this year. Was the Ministry looking to have a presence at the school? Or had the man simply fancied a chance to teach?</p>
<p>"I am John Dawlish, Auror, Halfblood, and for the remainder of this term—your worst nightmare." Dawlish began to walk back toward the front of the room and it was almost amusing to watch the class swivel to follow his progress like moon-blinked owls. "For the last two years I've served as the Deputy Head of Security for the Minister of Magic. Before that, I was head of Special Response Force Three. I've been fighting the Dark Arts longer than any of you have been alive, so you will respect me in this classroom, understood?"</p>
<p>There was silence, and more than a few confused looks were exchanged among the students. Rigel couldn't think of any other professor who had just flat out demanded respect from his students. It would be interesting to see how it worked out for him.</p>
<p>Dawlish resumed his slow pacing, this time to the right side of the classroom. Was he really going to be moving about the entire lesson? It was going to get tiresome to follow his every move for over an hour. "I have reviewed the syllabi for your previous three years. Near as I can tell from the notes they left behind, your previous professors were well-meaning at best and utterly incompetent at worst."</p>
<p>Rigel tamped down on the offense she felt on Remus' behalf. There was no sense being upset when Dawlish likely hadn't ever met Remus and didn't mean the criticism personally.</p>
<p>"You covered minor schoolyard jinxes and a lot of useless theory in your first year," Dawlish said, ticking off his fingers deliberately. "Your second year you seem to have wasted entirely. I thought the exams in <em>Professor</em> Lockhart's files were a joke at first, but it seems he was just a narcissistic loon." Muffled chortles swiftly turned into awkward coughs as Dawlish whipped his head around to search for the noisemakers. "Last year, Professor Lupin appears to have attempted to catch you up, but while he covered Dark Creatures comprehensively enough, spell-casting fell to the wayside."</p>
<p>"He taught Dueling, too," Ron said, frowning.</p>
<p>"An optional class only helps those who opt into it," Dawlish said. Leveling a menacing look at the redheaded boy, he added. "Don't speak out of turn again, Mr. Weasley."</p>
<p>Ron swallowed and nodded shortly. Rigel caught his eyes and smiled. It was nice of him to defend Remus. He smiled back, shrugging a bit.</p>
<p>"Eyes on me!"</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced, moving her gaze back to Auror apologetically. "Sorry, Professor."</p>
<p>Dawlish met her eyes for a stern moment. "I won't say it a third time." When she inclined her head deferentially, he continued. "Thus far you have not been exposed to anything truly dangerous. While I understand the logistical drawbacks to bringing a quintuple-X dark creature into the classroom, you can and will be familiar with the majority of dark curses by the end of this year."</p>
<p>Many of the students perked up in interest. It was true that while they'd studied the theory behind many practices of the Dark Arts, they'd yet to actually see most of it in action.</p>
<p>"Some people think it's irresponsible to teach dangerous spells to kids," Dawlish said, making his way slowly across the front of the classroom. "They're right, and I won't." She could almost feel the collective sigh of disappointment from the class. "What I will teach you is how to recognize them and how to counter them. I'm guessing you've never had a Bone Crushing Hex thrown at you, Mr. Malfoy."</p>
<p>Draco startled slightly at being singled out. "Can't say I have, Professor."</p>
<p>"Your name is on the roster for last year's Dueling class, is it not?" Dawlish asked.</p>
<p>Draco nodded slowly. "Yes, Professor. We typically didn't try to kill one another, however."</p>
<p>"<em>Exactly</em>," Dawlish said, stressing the word with a growl. "In a friendly duel no one is going to try to kill you, so how will you react when it happens? Many witches and wizards believe that to hunt Dark Arts users you need to know a lot of Dark Arts yourself. Fight fire with fire, as it were. Well you don't. If any of you are ever in a fight for your life, you only need to remember one principle: <em>react appropriately."</em></p>
<p>Dawlish snapped his wrist out and had palmed his wand before Rigel had time to draw a surprised breath. His wand arm twisted unerringly toward Draco and a jet of light shot toward the blond without the murmur of a spell to foreshadow it. Rigel had pulled Draco sideways toward her the moment she saw the wand brandished his way. Her friend ended up half-collapsed in her lap, but the Stinging Hex missed his head.</p>
<p>Draco straightened with slow dignity, a slight flush riding high on his cheekbones. "Thanks," he murmured to Rigel under his breath.</p>
<p>"Anytime," she said, a bit breathless at the unexpected attack.</p>
<p>"Not bad, Mr. Black," Dawlish said, a slight smirk pulling on one side of his mouth. "Didn't spare a thought for anyone behind your friend, though. I only missed Miss Davis by an inch. Why didn't you shield, if your reflexes are so good?"</p>
<p>"I didn't have my wand out," she admitted.</p>
<p>"That sounds like a bad idea, doesn't it?" At his quiet words, there was a rippling shuffle as students produced their wands from pockets and sleeves. "In this class, you will not be assigned homework or quizzes. Your motivation to study will be the number of injuries you walk away with each day."</p>
<p>Rigel guessed she wasn't the only one who felt a fission of trepidation at that ominous pronouncement. It was going to be like a whole year of Remus' dodging exercise. Except there was nowhere <em>to</em> dodge while sitting behind a desk.</p>
<p>Dawlish didn't seem concerned with the fear of Mordred he'd just put into every student. "The key to staying alive when an evil wizard tries to kill you is in matching appropriate actions to particular threats. You might be tempted to dodge everything—that will get you killed. You might try shielding against everything instead—that will also get you killed. If you learn to react intelligently to each spell as it comes, you might still be killed, but there's a higher chance you'll live to at least run away. If you die, the Dark Arts win. This is <em>Defense</em> Against the Dart Arts, right?" Most of the class nodded uncertainly. "Then we don't want the Dark Arts to win!" he barked.</p>
<p>"Each lesson I will demonstrate a handful of dangerous spells and teach you how to recognize them on the fly. Next week, you will be tested on your reaction to these spells. I will be casting them on each of you without mercy. Only by properly distinguishing each spell will you be able to react appropriately to it. Some spells cannot be shielded against. Some spells cannot be dodged. If you don't know which is which, how can you survive?" Dawlish frowned around the room at them all as though they had personally offended him by being unable to adequately defend themselves from hypothetical evil witches or wizards. "Mr. Black, what spell did I send at Mr. Malfoy?"</p>
<p>"A Stinging Hex," she said.</p>
<p>"How do you know?" he pressed.</p>
<p>Rigel didn't think he would care that she'd seen about a thousand of them in her sessions with Remus, so she simply said, "The white light is distinctive in the way it flares slightly around the wand before being propelled forward. Also, the Stinging Hex moves slightly faster than the average speed of magic." That was one of the reasons Remus said it made for good dodging practice.</p>
<p>Dawlish grinned at her. "Well, well, there may be hope for your survival. Very good, Mr. Black. Five points to Slytherin."</p>
<p>The Auror spent the rest of the class demonstrating several advanced dueling spells that reacted badly when they came up against a shield. Rigel had no idea that there were Hexes that could explode if they encountered a shield; add to that the very small number of shields that were strong enough to protect from blast at point blank.</p>
<p>Dawlish promised them that next time they would go over spells that affected a wide area and so couldn't be dodged. She found herself looking forward to it. Even Draco seemed a bit mollified by the end of the class.</p>
<p>"At least we'll be learning <em>something</em> useful in Dueling," he said to Rigel and Pansy on their way out.</p>
<p>"Are you still going to try restarting the club?" Pansy asked.</p>
<p>"Of course," Draco said. There was no hesitation in his voice. "I worked all summer on the lesson plans. I just have to find a way to do it without Uncle Snape finding out."</p>
<p>Rigel silently wished him luck with that. There wasn't much that Snape didn't find out about, one way or another. Then again, perhaps she was giving him too much credit. He wasn't omniscient, after all. If he were, she would have been discovered and arrested by now. For a number of things.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Defense was not the only class that impressed her that week; Rigel found herself enjoying fourth year classes more than any other year thus far. She was finally catching up to the advanced theories and concepts that she'd started studying way back in first year, when completing Flint's assignments had meant hours of extra research in the Library each week. For the first time, she felt like she'd come full-circle. Her regular course work would now be bridging the last of the gaps in her knowledge, and she was somewhat surprised to realize how much of the fourth-year syllabus she already had a good understanding of, if only because of the background research she'd done is the core subjects just to keep up with Flint's increasingly challenging assignments.</p>
<p>Also for the first time, she could openly study anything she wanted to in front of her friends. Nothing she was interested in could be considered suspicious because everything was above board. If her friends were confused by the almost gleeful about of books Rigel brought into the common room each evening, they wisely chalked it up to 'things about Rigel that no one needs to try explaining' and let her have her fun.</p>
<p>When Friday dawned at last, Rigel was positively bouncing through her morning workout with Draco and Pansy.</p>
<p>"Will you stop grinning?" Draco stopped his squats to glare at her, and there was something so amusing about watching him try to glare and pant and the same time that her smile grew even wider. "Stop it!" Draco cried, a laugh escaping him accidentally. "Damn it, Rigel, your happiness is making me sick."</p>
<p>Rigel laughed. "Enjoy it, Dray. I know you rarely get to experience such pure, unadulterated academic joy."</p>
<p>"You're quite excited for your Alchemy class," Pansy said, continuing to lower and raise herself calmly as she spoke. "If it's really so interesting, you must explain how it relates to Arithmancy some time."</p>
<p>"Sure," Rigel said easily. "Though that's not what I'm excited about. I have my first Potions lesson tonight with Professor Snape."</p>
<p>"So what?" Draco was having trouble looking annoyed while stubbornly fighting a smile. "You've had Potions with him for three years already."</p>
<p>"I'm learning <em>free brewing</em> this year," Rigel said. She had to say it almost reverently. It was what she'd been looking forward to all summer.</p>
<p>"Isn't that dangerous?" Pansy asked. "I think I've heard that many potions-related injuries and even deaths occur because of free brewing."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded happily. "Nearly all fatalities among certified potioneers are in some way related to free brewing. It's very difficult to learn, partly because so few Masters adept in it live long enough to pass on their knowledge. Professor Snape is the best there is, though, so he probably won't let any harm come to me."</p>
<p>"What do you mean 'probably'?" Draco spluttered.</p>
<p>"No guarantees in free brewing," Rigel said. She felt like humming, but restrained herself when Pansy sent her a reproachful look. "I'm sure I'll be fine," she assured them. "Professor Snape wouldn't offer to teach me if he didn't know what he was doing."</p>
<p>Pansy and Draco dropped the subject, but she had a feeling they'd be counting her limbs before she went to bed that night.</p>
<p>With an effort, she managed to calm her good spirits to a level Draco found tolerable before they went in to shower and change. She did still have Healing and Alchemy to attend before she got to sink into the mental nirvana that was a proper Potions lesson after a long summer of independent experimentation.</p>
<p>Healing was a short lesson, with Madam Pomfrey merely going over the syllabus she and Cho were to follow, and reviewing major concepts that Cho had covered the previous years so that Rigel understood where to focus her studies to make sure she was caught up before the next week. Cho had been correct when she said Rigel had already been a bit ahead of the fourth year Hogwarts syllabus, so there wasn't anything that she'd never been exposed to through either Archie's curriculum or her own research. The major difference in the coursework for fifth year Healing was the inclusion of magical maladies instead of primarily dealing with physical injuries.</p>
<p>After lunch, armed with the password 'Cauldron Cakes,' Rigel made her way to the Headmaster's office for her Alchemy lesson. Dumbledore was waiting for her by the bookcases when she reached his office, and no matter how many lessons she had with the old wizard she couldn't quite reconcile his venerated person with the cheesiness of his secret passageway. She couldn't help but smile as he pulled the book and led them through to what served as his classroom. There was something about Albus Dumbledore that put her at ease.</p>
<p>It didn't make any sense, considering he was at least as dangerous as Riddle, in his own way, so the fact that she felt inclined to relax in the Headmaster's presence should itself have been a large red flag. It was hard to remember that, though, when he offered her a lemon drop and hummed cheerfully to himself as he laid out the supplies they would need for the lesson.</p>
<p>"This is your year two Alchemy text," he said, presenting her with another small journal that looked a lot like her 'first year Alchemy text.' Sure enough, as she flipped through it she was confronted with Dumbledore's familiar looping cursive.</p>
<p>Rigel pulled out the previous year's book from her bag and held it toward the Headmaster, saying, "I finished what we hadn't covered over the summer, Sir."</p>
<p>"You may keep it," Dumbledore said, smiling genially. "One never knows when a good reference may come in handy." Rigel smiled back in thanks and stowed both books before taking the sole seat at the table and pulling out her note-taking materials. The Headmaster began to slowly pace the length of the small room on the other side of the work table, idling stroking his beard as he was wont. "Last year, Mr. Black, we started our arrays with a collection of components and, using precise transfiguration equations, built those elements into something whole. This year, we will begin the study of transforming one whole object into another whole object in a single, complete alchemic event. Unhappily, the arrays we study this term will not always be as perfectly balanced as those you have become accustomed to. In the course of alchemy, it is often the case that the individual portions that make up one object are not perfectly matched to the same portions in the object you would like it to become."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded her head slowly. "So we'll sometimes have leftover elements at the end of a transmutation," she surmised. It made sense, since the odds of having the exact same elements necessary to constitute two completely different objects were probably quite low.</p>
<p>"Just so," the venerable wizard confirmed. "The inverse is also true. At times the object that is broken down will not have all of the necessary elements to form the object defined by the array, and the Alchemist will need to include additional components in the first half of the equation in order to make up for that."</p>
<p>Dumbledore took out a piece of chalk and began drawing a simple array on the wooden table in front of Rigel. The runes defined a single-element transformation, and the Headmaster produced a small piece of wood for the input position. "This array you may not recognize, but it is a useful one to know if you ever need to write a letter while in the middle of a forest. It transmutes wood into paper."</p>
<p>Interesting. They'd only scratched the surface of transforming the nature of starter components the previous year. Mostly they'd been turning raw components into a complex form of themselves—a piece of metal into a metal box, for instance—or else a couple of elements into a compound.</p>
<p>"If I were to tell you that the amount of paper I've defined in the output equation is more than the amount of wood I've provided is capable of producing, what do you theorize will happen when I activate the array?" Dumbledore asked when he had finished the alchemic array.</p>
<p>Rigel frowned. "It either won't work, or the array will use all the wood it has available and only produce the corresponding amount of paper."</p>
<p>"What about the extra magic in the array that is not used by the time the wood is gone?"</p>
<p>Dumbledore always asked tricky questions, but Rigel couldn't think of any other answer than, "It will have to discharge into the air, since the array isn't designed to hold any excess magic once activated."</p>
<p>Her professor hummed thoughtfully to himself, but didn't tell her whether she was right or not. Instead, he briefly imbued the array with the requisite magic and activated it. The circle flared and the block of wood dissolved from the input side, while a pile of rough parchment materialized on the output side. Instead of stopping, however, the array seemed to grow, if anything, <em>brighter</em> before finally fading away. With the array used up, the only thing remaining on the table was the stack of parchment and a warped, twisting spiral that seemed to have been gouged out of the wood beneath it.</p>
<p>Rigel had never seen an array do damage to the surface it was drawn on before. "What happened?" she asked.</p>
<p>"What do you think?" Dumbledore prompted.</p>
<p>Rigel looked at the pile of paper, which she thought was a bit higher than it had been before the second, brighter flash, and said, "The array thought the table was part of the wood it was meant to transmute? But that's never happened before."</p>
<p>"When you put magic into an array," Dumbledore said, "it <em>wants</em> to be used. The magic pulled the cellulose from the wood of the table because it was the closest. If I had drawn that array on the back of your hand, the array would have attempted to transmute your fingers into parchment, too."</p>
<p>She paled a bit. "That's not good."</p>
<p>"Alchemy can be a very dangerous art," Dumbledore agreed gravely. "You must never forget that the array drives the magic you imbue toward completing the task outlined in the runic inscriptions. If your equations do not balance, special precaution must be taken to account for the <em>leftovers</em>, as you put it. Now let us try another example, but this time you will imbue the array, Mr. Black."</p>
<p>Rigel hesitated. She knew this was going to come up—there was no way to continue her Alchemy lessons without addressing it—but somehow she still felt nervous about what she was going to do. "Professor," she said tentatively. "Would it be all right if I… recalibrated my magical constant?" She was prepared to explain that her magic had gone through certain changes since the last time she'd used it for their classes, but without a word of question Dumbledore reached into his robes and pulled out the calibration device as though he'd merely been waiting for her to ask.</p>
<p>She gaped at him as he set it on the table. How did he guess? The Headmaster twinkled at her. Rigel had to smile as she took hold of the cold metal tube. "Thank you, Sir."</p>
<p>Rigel told herself not to be afraid. She had to have an accurate magical constant to progress in Alchemy, and she had already decided it was a subject she wanted to one day marry more closely with Potions. There was no reason why anyone besides Dumbledore should ever know what her magical constant was, and even if it got out, there was no reason for Archie's exact magical strength to ever be known once they'd both graduated and switched back. She closed her eyes and channeled her magic, trying not to worry about it. She just let go.</p>
<p>The magic poured out of her at a phenomenal pace. She opened her eyes on a gasp to see the crystal at the end of the calibrator tumbling through yellow and green without pause. It pushed through blue at a fair clip, then began to slow, bleeding lavender and brightening to a proper violet before darkening to an almost eggplant shade and finally holding steady. Rigel set the device down somewhat shakily. It hadn't been that dark when she'd measured it at Frein's for the suppressor. Had the year of living with the suppressor really made it noticeably stronger?</p>
<p>Dumbledore spread a color chart on the table beside the device, not seeming to notice her unease as he mused happily, "Marvelous, simply splendid. We can proceed to more complicated arrays much sooner that I had planned. What do you think? Does it look 'plum' to you?"</p>
<p>"Sure," she said, trying not to let the slightly hysterical laugh inside her chest bubble out. How could it have gotten <em>worse?</em></p>
<p>"A 1.3 it is, then," Dumbledore said, smiling serenely at her. "How incredible."</p>
<p>"Is it?" Rigel shook her head on a sigh. "What's your magical constant, sir, if you don't mind my asking?"</p>
<p>The Headmaster affected a somewhat modest expression. "Mine happens to be .97," he said.</p>
<p>She blinked at him, then looked down at the color chart on the table. The very darkest value on the scale was pure black, and it held the base value 1.0 as the corresponding constant. <em>Trust Dumbledore to be literally off the chart.</em> She actually felt a bit better about hers, knowing that. "How did you ever calculate that?" she asked, now immensely curious. Being lower than the lowest standard meant that he would have been constantly overshooting the calculated input.</p>
<p>He twinkled at her again. "It took careful trial and error to reach the exact number. My first six months, all my arrays exploded. Nicolas was quite displeased with the destruction I wreaked on his workshop."</p>
<p>Rigel tried to imagine the venerated wizard before her blowing up someone's workshop, but she really couldn't picture it. Dumbledore put away the color chart once more and Rigel dutifully made note of the 1.3 value for future equations. She'd expended energy beyond the point of being able to imbue any arrays for a few hours, so Dumbledore wrapped up the lesson there. "If you have nothing else that piques your curiosity today, I will see you next week," he said. He folded his hands in front of his robes and waited patiently while she thought.</p>
<p>There was one other thing she could ask him about, but she wasn't sure it was a good idea. When she paused an awkward time in answering, Dumbledore said, seemingly to no one in particular, "On the rare occasion that a question utterly baffles me, I find I generally have a good idea where to look."</p>
<p>There was no harm in asking, she told herself, as long as she phrased it as an academic inquiry. "I was thinking about this the other day, sir, and it's not really related to Alchemy, but is there ever an instance in which a person's magical core might resonate with another's?"</p>
<p>Dumbledore gave her a long look and began slowly curling the end of his beard around his finger as he thought. "Rarely, a set of twins may have magic similar enough to cause a sort of recognition between the two. It is not a true resonance, however."</p>
<p>"What if the two people aren't related at all?" she asked, striving to sound neutral. "Does it mean those two people would be similar in some way?"</p>
<p>"Not necessarily," Dumbledore said. He lifted his eyes to the ceiling in a gesture she recognized as him trying to recall a distant memory. "I have never heard of two unrelated persons having resonant magic," he said after a lengthy silence. Rigel fought her disappointment until he added, "Except in one peculiar incident many years ago. This may take some explaining, I'm afraid. Do you have time for a story?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded quickly.</p>
<p>"Wonderful. Well, I once knew a young woman who was researching the North American Hodag. Are you familiar with the Hodag, Mr. Black?"</p>
<p>Rigel tilted her head. "Just the horn—it's used in alertness potions, though it can be dangerously potent."</p>
<p>"Just so," the Headmaster said. He began pacing the room once more as he continued his story. "The Hodag is also endowed with impressive fangs that, when used on potential prey, inject a very interesting venom into the victim's system. Unlike most venoms, which tend to paralyze or slow prey into a docile state, the Hodag's venom contains a small piece of its own hyperactive magic, which rouses its prey into a state of over-alertness that can last for many days. Eventually, the sleep-deprivation and adrenaline overdose compromise the prey's defenses utterly, and that is when the Hodag make a meal of its victim."</p>
<p>Rigel thought that was a rather gruesome way to go, but animals had to eat as much as she did, she supposed.</p>
<p>"You may be wondering how the Hodag keeps track of its intended prey until the venom takes effect," Dumbledore said, smiling slightly at the look on her face that said she hadn't been wondering that, but probably should have. "This is where the Hodag's other unique ability comes into play. This creature is capable of tracking to its own magical signature. The venom it releases is quite literally a small piece of its own magic, and the Hodag can sense the location of the pieces of magic it gives away, provided it remains within a certain distance to its source. Isn't that remarkable?"</p>
<p>"Quite," she said faintly. Her mind was whirring with a dawning dread. Was such a thing really possible? Had she been… <em>tagged,</em> like some kind of animal? Dumbledore was continuing his anecdote, and she struggled to pay attention. She couldn't do anything now, she reminded herself; she needed to know the full extent of the situation first.</p>
<p>"My student of many years ago believed that any magical creature, including wizards, should be able to do the same as the Hodag, if only they had a way to share a piece of their own magic with another." Dumbledore's face grew somewhat somber as he said, "She devised a ritual to transfer a piece of her own magic to another wizard. Her fiancé at the time volunteered. You could say it worked—too well, alas. His core fully assimilated the magic she bestowed on him, and the resulting resonance between them became so unbearably uncomfortable that they could not stand the slightest contact from that day on. Even worse for my dear student, her theory was incorrect; while she experienced resonant feedback upon direct contact with her fiancé's skin, she could not, try as she might, sense or track him in any way."</p>
<p>"Did they figure out how to reverse it?" Rigel asked, only feeling slightly better that the resonance had not provided any concrete information to the woman about her fiancé.</p>
<p>"I'm afraid not," Dumbledore said, sighing. "The two separated and never came within a few feet of one another again. The experiment was deemed a failure, and I myself have not considered the story further until now."</p>
<p>"Is there a record of the experiment somewhere?" she asked. Despite Dumbledore's assurances that nothing had come of it, she couldn't help the slow panic developing in her brain. Riddle wouldn't do a thing like that for no reason—if, indeed, that was what he'd done with no ritual or even a spell that she'd noticed. What if he'd found a way to make it work? What if he could track her? Monitor her? What if her already knew she hadn't left the country over the summer? <em>What else could he already know?</em></p>
<p>Dumbledore tugged his beard with a frown. "I don't believe our esteemed library possesses a copy of the complete report, but I will make inquiries if you are truly interested."</p>
<p>"Yes, please," she said, trying not to look too desperate. She wanted to run straight to the library and look up everything it had about resonance and cross-contamination of one's magic. She felt dirtied by the idea that she might have had a piece of Riddle floating somewhere in her core. There had to be a way to purify it. She just needed time to research.</p>
<p>She thanked Dumbledore for the lesson and tried to clear her mind of its agitation as she headed down from the tower. There was nothing she could do about it yet. She was in the same boat that she'd been in yesterday, and there was no reason to let Draco sense her upset when immediate alarm wouldn't do any actual good. She vowed to just focus on her upcoming Potions class instead. She was not going to let Riddle ruin it. Not this.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>At dinner, Snape handed her a folded piece of parchment and said, "We will meet in lab three tonight, Mr. Black."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded and ignored her friends' amusement as she increased the speed at which she consumed her meal. She gathered her book bag and took her leave with a hurried, "See you guys," to the others.</p>
<p>She followed the instructions on the parchment to a part of the dungeons she hadn't traversed since first year when she'd made a point to explore every area of Hogwarts she could. She didn't even know Snape had a lab that was so out of the way, but when she knocked and entered it became clear why they were using it.</p>
<p>Lab three was utilitarian to an uncomfortable degree. There were no stools, and what counter space was available had been secured to the left side of the room while the right side held only a single brewing station, well away from anything else. Her first thought was that it would be awkward carrying ingredients back and forth so far. As Snape handed her a heavy-duty protective covering, she understood.</p>
<p>"Is this lab specifically for free brewing?" she asked, taking the covering and frowning as she noted it was as heavy as one of Remus' training belts.</p>
<p>As she tried the full-body apron on, Snape confirmed her guess. "This lab is for particularly volatile brewing. The walls and floor have been reinforced with containment spells, and a number of voice-activated wards are in place around the cauldron stand."</p>
<p>The protective garment, which covered her from chin to knees, seemed to fit well enough. Snape hung it on a sturdy nail by the door, next to another, larger version.</p>
<p>"We store nothing in this lab besides the basics," he told her, gesturing to the bare surfaces and scant tools. "Bring eye protection and gloves to every lesson. You will melt more cauldrons this year than all of your year mates in their seven years combined—no small feat, I assure you."</p>
<p>She smiled, but nodded in response to his expectant look. She could barely contain her excitement. She wondered if they would start with a known recipe and alter it, or just begin from scratch and choose ingredients according a schema to add to the cauldron.</p>
<p>"Before we begin free brewing, there is one other skill you must master," Snape said. As though he could feel the disappointment leaking out of her ears, he narrowed his eyes. "Potioneers who do not learn this before attempting to free brew die. Horribly."</p>
<p>"Yes, sir," she said, smoothing her face into something less kicked-puppy.</p>
<p>Snape reached into his pocket and pulled out a stack of playing cards. He held them out and she took them, noting the distinctive brand across the top.</p>
<p>"Exploding Snap?" What did a kid's game have to do with potions?</p>
<p>"A training tool," he said, face impassive.</p>
<p>"Like the medi-minis?" she asked, tilting her head curiously at the innocuous cards. She had a basic understanding of the game, though she'd never been a huge fan. It was essentially a matching game, except if you didn't match cards in a randomly allotted amount of time, they exploded.</p>
<p>"These are to hone your sensing ability and your reflexes," Snape explained. "The cards heat up slightly before exploding, which means you'll need to cast a numbing spell on your hands to get the full benefit of this training."</p>
<p>"I know a couple," she assured him. "So I'm to try and predict when cards are going to explode? Without feeling the heat first?"</p>
<p>"Indeed. Before you begin free brewing, you must be able to sense remotely when a potion is reacting violently. It is not enough to maintain a connection with the potion via conscious imbuing; you need to be able to sense the danger instinctively." Snape paused to ensure she was following, and with a nod from her, he continued. "Magic sensitivity is a relatively common skill. All it requires is the projection of your magic into the environment around you. You will recall in your first year when I tested your core. The simplest way to examine a magical thing is to flare your magic toward it briefly and read the return. Do you understand this concept?"</p>
<p>Rigel thought back to first year. When her core had been tethered to Snape's, she'd been able to send a bead of magic along the connection. The echo had automatically translated into rudimentary information about his magical core. She supposed if the theory held true in other cases, she should be able to gather such information about anything around her, depending on how far she was able to project her magical pulse.</p>
<p>"I think I understand," she said, "but would I have to constantly be sending out magic to monitor the potion, since it could change state at any moment?"</p>
<p>"That is the second stage of this ability," Snape said, apparently satisfied that she was following so far. "When you have mastered flaring your magic, you must learn to maintain it in a continuous magical field around you. That application of the skill is <em>not</em> common, but it will save your life if your potion erupts unexpectedly."</p>
<p>"Will it be difficult to maintain this sensitivity field while also trying to conscious imbue?" Rigel asked. Conscious imbuing already involved splitting one's attention between the magic going into the potion and the other aspects of brewing. No wonder free brewing was so rarely taught.</p>
<p>"Extremely," Snape confirmed. "I will not begin free brewing with you until you can do it without concentrating."</p>
<p>She nodded slowly. She could understand that, if it was as dangerous as he said. "What will we be doing until I have this mastered, then?"</p>
<p>To her surprise, Snape tilted his head considering and asked, voice neutral, "What would you like to do, Rigel?"</p>
<p>She blinked. "Anything?" Was he serious? Her brain flooded her with options and she just stood there, gaping like an idiot.</p>
<p>"Within reason," he confirmed. "Is there any sub-specialty of the field you would like to delve deeper into before we devote your lessons entirely to the art of free brewing?"</p>
<p>Her first thought was Battle Potions, but she squashed it quickly. Even though she'd been extremely curious about them since Master Thompson had let his specialty slip, she knew better than to ask. The subject was carefully controlled by the Guild for a reason.</p>
<p>Snape noticed her deliberation. "What are you thinking?" he prompted.</p>
<p>Grimacing, she admitted, "I was thinking of Battle Potions, but I know you aren't allowed to—"</p>
<p>"Do you?" Snape's black eyes searched hers with interest. "If you were familiar with the rules that govern a Guild-sanctioned Apprenticeship, you would know that there is very little a Master is not permitted to teach his student. The only things truly forbidden are the secrets of another Master's work."</p>
<p>She thought her jaw might have dropped, but she was too distracted to be sure. "They don't regulate it at all? How can that be?"</p>
<p>"It is an old agreement, predating modern government and going back to the very establishment of the first Guilds. An Apprenticeship was a sacred pact in those days. There were no schools, no opportunity for instruction outside of one wizard's willingness to teach another. A condition for the first Masters' agreeing to join such an organization was that the Guild would have no ability to dictate what was or was not passed from Master to student. Nor can any Master be made to take an Apprentice unwillingly. The most the Guild can do is restrict what its members are allowed to distribute to the public." Snape's voice betrayed no interest in the history, but Rigel was fascinated.</p>
<p>"The Guild also sets the standard for achieving a Mastery," she pointed out. "So they do have some input it what ought to be taught in a traditional Apprenticeship."</p>
<p>Snape inclined his head. "In an indirect way, they do. The limits of the instruction, however, are not theirs to dictate."</p>
<p>"So… can we study Battle Potions, then?" she asked, hardly daring to believe it.</p>
<p>"It is not one of my specialties," Snape admitted. "I will look into it. We can begin with area-effect Potions in general and work our way around the topic from there. Very well. That is all for this evening, Rigel. Practice with the cards until you don't burn your fingers."</p>
<p>She nodded, tucking them away in her pocket carefully so they didn't activate and set her robes on fire. That would be embarrassing.</p>
<p>"Be careful pulsing your magic out around other people," her Head of House added as she headed for the door. "It's the same method used to read other wizards' auras, and those with very sensitive auras will feel it as your magic pushes up against them."</p>
<p>"So I can read other auras with this technique as well?" That could be useful.</p>
<p>"It takes significant study to understand the complexities of an aura," Snape said. "It is not like a core; you will not comprehend intuitively what your magic is telling you at first. The only reason this will be useful for free brewing is because you have developed an unconscious understanding of potions via your prolonged exposure to them through conscious imbuing."</p>
<p>"I see. Thank you, Professor." Rigel left the lab deep in thought. Ideas spiraled to the surface and floated for a moment before sinking back down to stew in the dark a while longer.</p>
<p>Despite what Snape said, Rigel did have a rudimentary understanding of auras through her study of suppressing and projecting her own. She wondered if they would be as incomprehensible to her as he assumed.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Her second week back, the morning post brought with it a package for "Archie" that Rigel grinned to accept. It was very obviously book-shaped, so she tucked it into her bag to examine later, ignoring Draco's outraged curiosity and Pansy's more politely inquiring expression. If this was what she thought it was, she wasn't going to share it with her friends just yet.</p>
<p>Ever since Sirius and Remus had declined to give her and Archie instruction on becoming animagi, Archie had been wheedling away his father's defenses. Harry had conspicuously let the topic drop. Her help wasn't needed, after all; Sirius couldn't really deny Archie anything. Not if he kept at it, at least. Finally, the day before they were due back at school, Archie reported that Sirius had agreed to recommend a book to educate them on the fundamentals.</p>
<p>Rigel fought a triumphant smirk all through breakfast, and when she had a moment to herself to unwrap the package she had to smile full out. <em>Self Transfiguration</em> was an innocuous title and its cover was plain brown leather. Nevertheless, it felt like the Sorcerer's Stone in her hands. Sirius might think that he was only giving them a basic foundation with his recommendation, but Rigel knew better. Between her and Archie, a good book was all they really needed. They could figure almost anything out together.</p>
<p>She had to wait until later that night to contact Archie. He'd told her before they parted that his friend Hermione liked to study by herself for a couple of hours every evening after dinner. That meant that midnight was the best time for her to reach him. It wasn't difficult to loiter in the common room until most people had gone to bed. Draco gave her an odd look as he finally packed up his Charms essay and headed for the dorms. Rigel just smiled and said she'd be in shortly.</p>
<p>As she continued to wait out the last stragglers, Rigel went ahead and took out <em>Self Transfiguration </em>to peruse the introduction. There were a lot of warnings about the dangers of partial transfiguration to living things. It sounded like pretty obvious stuff to her—you didn't try to transfigure half an animal into something, after all, unless you wanted to kill it horribly. It was the same reason Polyjuice was designed to transfigure the whole body. It was also why Metamorphism was such an impressive ability. You just couldn't <em>do</em> live transfiguration in pieces on the fly like that. It took a Transfiguration Mastery level of ability to pull off.</p>
<p>Anyway, it wasn't really as issue, since they would be aiming to achieve a holistic transfiguration. She had heard stories of wizards who could partially transform into their animagus form, but she wasn't sure how true they were. That was likely a very advanced variation on the ability.</p>
<p>At the end of the introduction there was a table of contents. It covered a variety of subjects, including permanent beautification and other self-altering transfigurations. She skimmed past those to the last section, which took up easily half the book, and dove into the theory of animagi as the torches burned lower and the night drew in.</p>
<p>At around one in the morning, she was finally alone. She took out Archie's mirror from her bag and settled into her low backed chair. His mirror didn't have flowers on it and was instead inscribed with briars around the edge. She spoke into it softly. "Harry. It's Rigel, are you there?" They'd agreed to use their assumed names when using the mirrors at school since there was always the chance of someone overhearing.</p>
<p>After a long pause, her reflection blurred and Archie peered back at her. "Rigel? It's only been a week—miss me already?"</p>
<p>"Always," she said. The sarcasm in her voice didn't diminish her smile at seeing him. This really was so much better than writing letters. "I got a delivery today from Sirius. Do you have a minute?"</p>
<p>"I have a lifetime of minutes for you, dear," Archie said on a winning smile. No matter how she practiced, her flattery never sounded that effortless. "Hermione is in the library studying, which means I am amusing myself in my room until she returns."</p>
<p>"How's that going?" she asked, suddenly reminded of his declaration that summer. "Are you really going to start a relationship with the girl?"</p>
<p>"I'm going to try," Archie said seriously. "I know it might make things awkward for you, but you can't deny you've put me in awkward positions a time or two. I won't let it compromise our ruse, of course, but I have to do this, H-Rigel. If I don't, and she falls for someone else in the meantime, I'll spend my whole life regretting it."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded. She could see how much this meant to her cousin and she wasn't going to stand in his way. He had already given up much for their dreams. They both had. She would gladly field questions about her own sexuality and weather remarks to the effect that she was unfaithful to her engagement contract if it meant Archie's happiness. She would do anything for him, and he for her. It was that simple.</p>
<p>"Good luck," she said, smiling sincerely at him. He grinned back, eyes full of gratitude.</p>
<p>"So what did Sirius send you? What we expected?" Archie's face, an exact copy of her own, gained an anticipatory gleam she recognized.</p>
<p>She positioned the mirror so that the title of her new book could be seen. "Think you can get a copy?"</p>
<p>"Undoubtedly," he said when she'd moved the mirror back to her own face. "How is it?"</p>
<p>"I just got it this morning," she reminded him.</p>
<p>He raised an eyebrow. "Exactly. So how is it?"</p>
<p>She laughed softly. "Caught me. It's pretty good so far. It seems like there are a few methods people use to figure out their forms. One of them is learning the Patronus Charm."</p>
<p>"That's a tricky one, isn't it?" Archie frowned.</p>
<p>"It is, and it's not a guarantee anyway. The patronus form sometimes matches the animagus form, but not necessarily," she explained. "Sometimes a strong personal connection will be manifested in the patronus instead."</p>
<p>"Sounds iffy," Archie decided. "What else?"</p>
<p>"Well, there's a potion," she began.</p>
<p>"Yes!" Archie laughed somewhat maniacally through the mirror. "We cannot be stopped!"</p>
<p>"Okay, calm down," she said, laughing a bit at his exuberance. "I was thinking it sounded like the best option, though."</p>
<p>"How long will it take?" Archie asked excitedly. He didn't ask 'how hard is it?' or 'can you brew it?' which she admitted warmed her heart a bit. Archie had such keen faith in her.</p>
<p>"At least two months to brew, and that's if I can get all of the ingredients to start," she admitted. "I'm going to need a vial of your spit, by the way."</p>
<p>Archie's face twisted in disgust. "Ugh, why do I feel like you're always asking for my bodily fluids?"</p>
<p>She sympathized, but there was no way around it. The first chapter of <em>Self Transfiguration</em> had outlined the pros and cons of the various methods. Under a footnote titled "Myths Debunked" the author had noted some of the common misconceptions, one of which required the would-be animagus to hold a mandrake leaf in their mouth for an entire month.</p>
<p>"Not that I don't relish the opportunity, but I promise it's better than the alternative," she said. Much better to soak the leaf in a vial of saliva than to try to eat around it for a month and hope they didn't choke on it in their sleep. "Once the potion is complete, I'll send you your dose and you can take it somewhere you won't be interrupted."</p>
<p>"That sounds suspiciously simple," Archie said.</p>
<p>She rolled her eyes at him. "The potion doesn't <em>make</em> you an animagi. It just allows you to take on the form temporarily. That's how we find out what form we have. Once you know, then you have to actually learn how to do the transfiguration. That's the really hard part."</p>
<p>"Two months just to learn our forms." Archie sighed. "Well, we knew it wasn't going to be easy. I'll send you the…spit."</p>
<p>"Make it two vials," she said with an innocent smile. "Just in case."</p>
<p>"This is why everyone thinks potions brewers are weird," Archie told her.</p>
<p>"It's not for the faint of heart," she agreed easily. That a task was unpleasant didn't mean it wasn't worth doing, in her opinion.</p>
<p>"Won't Dad be surprised when we already know our forms come winter break?" Archie grinned at her mischievously.</p>
<p>She returned it full strength. "Surely he didn't give us a book and expect us not to read it?"</p>
<p>"One day they'll stop underestimating us," Archie said.</p>
<p>"Not anytime soon, though." She said goodbye to her cousin and packed away the mirror carefully in soft cloth. She would peruse the ingredient list for the animagus revealing potion more tomorrow, though she knew just from a quick glance that she'd be ordering at least a couple of things from the apothecary in Hogsmeade. She didn't keep morning dew in stock, and certainly not samples 'untouched by human feet' whatever difference that was supposed to make. It would probably be at least November before she finished the potion, considering how much research was going to go into the ingredient list alone. She ought to have the time, though. She hadn't appreciated just how much time Flint's assignments had taken up until she no longer had them to occupy her evenings.</p>
<p>The room was quiet when she crept in from the corridor and shut the door behind her. She didn't need light to navigate to her bed and slip off her shoes, but as she climbed onto her mattress, the hangings on the bed next to her slid open and Draco's face peered over at her by the light of his wand. He had a book propped open on his knees and she wondered if he'd stayed up to read because he wasn't tired or because he was waiting for her.</p>
<p>"Hey," Draco whispered, setting his book aside. "Is everything all right? You're out later than usual."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded, whispering back, "Had to practice something for Potions. Snape said it would bother other people, so I was waiting until everyone went to bed."</p>
<p>"Oh." Draco's expression relaxed. She felt a bit bad for worrying him. Whether she acknowledged it or not, the events of last year hadn't only affected her. Draco had been there when Snape found her. No doubt the memory colored his concern for the hours she kept. "Did it work?"</p>
<p>"I haven't got the hang of it yet," she said, shaking her head. "That's okay, though. I'll keep trying." And that would be a good excuse for staying up late in the common room the next time she needed to talk to Archie, too.</p>
<p>"Rigel?"</p>
<p>She paused in fluffing her pillow to look over at her friend. Draco's expression was still relaxed, but there was an underlying concern that shone even through the dim light. Rigel put down her pillow and slipped off her bed. She climbed onto his and pulled the curtains shut so they could converse more naturally without worrying about waking their roommates. "What is it, Dray?"</p>
<p>"You've changed," he said simply. "You have this anger in you—I've never felt anger from you like this before. I want to help," he added, gazing at her imploringly. "It feels like you're pulling further away from me, though. I don't know what to do."</p>
<p>"You do more than enough," she assured him. She couldn't help feeling touched at his genuine concern for her wellbeing.</p>
<p>"I feel like I don't know how to reach you, sometimes," he admitted. There was a small crease in his brow that made him look older.</p>
<p>She took his hands carefully. "I'm right here. Sometimes I do get angry, but my anger is not aimed at you, Dray."</p>
<p>"I know," he sighed, clenching his hands around hers a little anxiously.</p>
<p>"I'm very grateful for your understanding, and Pansy's, though I may not always show it," she said softly. "I have changed. I'm sorry if it's hard on you sometimes."</p>
<p>"<em>I'm</em> sorry that I couldn't prevent the things that changed you," Draco said fiercely.</p>
<p>"Sometimes I wish I hadn't experienced them." She took a deep breath and mustered a smile. "If it means no one else did, though, I find I can accept it."</p>
<p>"You <em>shouldn't</em>." Draco exclaimed. He dropped her hands and put his own on her shoulders to shake her a little. "You always put others before yourself. It's going to get you in trouble—more trouble, I mean—someday. What if…" he looked away embarrassedly, but steeled himself before pinning her with a distraught look. "What if next time you don't come back, Rye?"</p>
<p>She swallowed, but the emotion was still thick in her voice when she said, "I'll always try to come back, Dray." It was the most she could promise.</p>
<p>"All right," he said. A split second hesitation, then he wrapped her in a quick hug that was so light she barely felt it. She hugged him back just as gingerly, then drew back with a small smile. "Night, Rigel," Draco said, smiling back. He waited for her to clamber back over into her own bed before he doused his wand light.</p>
<p>"Night, Dray."</p>
<p>She lay awake a while longer, wondering what she had done to deserve such a good friend. Well, she thought after a silent moment, she didn't deserve him of course. She was just very lucky. That was okay. She would simply enjoy his friendship while she had it.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>It was the third week in September before Rigel found an evening to steal down to the kitchens and visit her favorite Hogwarts House Elf. She'd waited until dinner was over, so the kitchens were mostly occupied with cleanup when she climbed through the still life painting and waited at one of the tables until Binny was free.</p>
<p>"Young sir!" Binny bounced up and down on her heels and because Rigel was sitting down, they were almost at eye-level. "How is your summer being?"</p>
<p>"Very well, and yours?" Rigel asked.</p>
<p>"Madam Touraine is promoting me to Head Stable Elf," Binny told her. The pride in her voice and carriage was unmistakable.</p>
<p>"Well done! She must really trust you to give you so much responsibility."</p>
<p>"I is being the most experienced," Binny confided. "Still, it is being a great honor. Is young sir practicing his French this summer?"</p>
<p>"Not that much," she confessed. "Can we practice a little?"</p>
<p>"Oui." Binny led her through a series of basic conversational topics, and while Rigel was certainly rusty, she got back into the swing of the language before long.</p>
<p>After almost an hour of somewhat mindless chatter, Rigel asked Binny for some mice, if the kitchens had any, and in no time she had a trio of fat snacks for Treeslider. She bade Binny good evening and made her way up out of the castle and into the growing twilight.</p>
<p>Rigel made it almost to the forest's edge before her feet stopped moving of their own accord and she looked into the trees with increasingly short breath. Backing up a few paces, she breathed deep through her nose and shook her head. What was the matter with her? It was only the forest. She'd been in and out of the outskirts dozens of times in the past three years. She couldn't deny the slight tremble in her legs as she sat on the grass and simply stared at the tree line, unseeing. She hadn't been back there since…</p>
<p>A shudder rippled through her, and she bit down on a slightly hysterical whimper. She could feel the anxiety in her like a physical thing, pulling her shoulders in toward her ribcage and squeezing her lungs into empty sacks. Rigel ruthlessly smoothed her emotional state into eerie, unnatural calm. She would not get worked up over this. It was in the past. Nothing that happened months ago had the power to touch her now. That man was dead. That place was gone.</p>
<p>Wrapped in her artificial serenity, Rigel slowly stood and took first one step, then another toward the looming trees and shadows. She only made it to the first trunk before she had to sit down again and catch her shallow breath. She clenched her fingers in the dirt, wondering how the hell she was supposed to work through this phantom panic when it didn't make any <em>sense</em>.</p>
<p>She heard Treeslider before she saw him. <em>"Juicccy moussse, niccce and sssoft, tasssty sssnack, all for me!"</em> She didn't think anyone would believe her if she told them that singing sounded entirely ridiculous in Parseltongue. Nor would they believe that a snake could come up with a surprisingly catchy rhyme scheme—at least, it was catchy in his tongue. She could barely hear the original beneath the translation her brain superimposed.</p>
<p>"<em>Ssspeaker! You have been gone for lifetimesss,"</em> Treeslider complained as his slim, green form broke from the underbrush. She thought he looked a little bigger than the last time she'd seen the snake.</p>
<p>"<em>Sssomehow I do not think you sssuffered much,"</em> she teased the boomslang snake.</p>
<p>"<em>You wound me, Ssspeaker."</em> Treeslider made a show of coiling and uncoiling in agitation. <em>"Much hasss changed thisss ssseassson. The thessstralsss have ssstolen my nesssting grounds. The new nessst isss not ssso niccce. And the Runessspoorsss, Ssspeaker, they are everywhere."</em></p>
<p>"<em>What isss wrong with Runessspoorsss?"</em> she asked, amused. They were not a particularly aggressive species.</p>
<p>"<em>They bicker like nessstlingsss,"</em> Treeslider bemoaned. <em>"Jussst one isss bad enough, with thossse headssss sssniping at each other. But thisss ssseassson there are many new densss. I can ssscarecccely essscape them." </em></p>
<p>"<em>I am sssorry to hear of your troublesss,"</em> Rigel said solemnly. She produced the generous parcel the elves had prepared and said, "<em>Would it help if you had sssomething to eat?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>Perhapsss,"</em> Treeslider hissed. His attempt at nonchalance was ruined by the way his big eyes followed the parcel eagerly as she set it on the ground. She unwrapped it to reveal three fat kitchen mice and the boomslang snake nearly chortled with glee. <em>"Sssuch a kind ssspeaker. Ssso good to your ssservant." </em></p>
<p>"<em>You aren't my ssservant,"</em> she said, frowning. Was that what the snake thought?</p>
<p>"<em>I watch over the foressst for you, Ssspeaker."</em> Treeslider tilted his head in an odd parody of confusion. <em>"Are you dissspleasssed with my reportsss? Or perhapsss… I ssshould have attacked that man."</em></p>
<p>"<em>Man?"</em> she asked, her heart rate accelerating.</p>
<p>"<em>The one who makesss you sssmell of fear,"</em> Treeslider said. He sounded as miserable as a snake could. <em>"The lassst time you came to the foressst, you were not alone. I ssstayed away, but I sssee I ssshould have defended my ssspeaker."</em></p>
<p>"<em>Not at all,"</em> she said, swallowing her memories and leaning forward from her seated position so the snake could look her in the eye. <em>"I jussst want you to know that you do not have to ssserve me in thisss way. I would ssstill bring you sssnacksss."</em></p>
<p>The snake swayed slightly back and forth for a long moment as though thinking. <em>"Asss your ssservant, I recccieve your favor, Ssspeaker. The Runessspoorsss dare not challenge the ssspeaker's chosssen. I will continue ssserving you and you will reward me with juicccy delightsss."</em></p>
<p>She laughed. <em>"Very well, Treessslider."</em> There was no point arguing with the snake. Clearly, he did not feel overly put upon. Rigel stretched her neck as the snake gloated over its prize and asked him, <em>"Will you ssstay awhile?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>It will take time to devour thessse offeringsss, Ssspeaker." </em></p>
<p>She took that for agreement. <em>"Warn me if anything comesss,"</em> she said, closing her eyes. She wanted to try practicing her sensitivity field outside of the castle. She'd been working on pushing out her magic the way Snape described, but it was difficult when everything it came into contact with sent waves of incomprehensible information back at her. There was just too much magic in Hogwarts—it was distracting.</p>
<p>Not to mention the other students. She'd only tried it in the common room once, and it was enough to give her a massive migraine. She felt every person who walked through her shaky field, and each sent a shiver of discomfort down her spine. It felt like static electricity whenever her projected magic touched another person. She had to wonder if that was how Draco felt all the time, bombarded by information that was exhausting to try to sort through.</p>
<p>Rigel hadn't even started practicing with the Exploding Snap cards. She could not yet focus on other things while maintaining her magical field. She slowed her breathing and let the evening air wash over her as she reached for her core. The first step, she'd found, was to gather her magic and pool it within her skin. How much she could pool before releasing it determined how far the resulting magical field would reach. Only when the magic she wanted was pulled from her core could she push it out of her in all directions.</p>
<p>At first, she'd found herself pushing it out in a thin disk around her middle, meaning she only received feedback from things that were three and a half feet off the ground. It took several days of sweat-inducing mental effort to create a full sphere of magic and pulse it away from her like an invisible explosion. Just like explosive energy, she felt the magic fade faster the farther it got from her. Things at the edge of her sphere barely registered while things right next to her lit up like Christmas trees to her magical sense.</p>
<p>Rigel had found she could send a single pulse of her magic pretty far, perhaps as much as fifty feet before she stopped sensing anything from the returns. If she tried to maintain a field around herself, though, she could only hold five feet or so. The field tended to fluctuate erratically, contracting and expanding again as her concentration wavered. In the quiet outdoors, however, she had a much easier time pushing the magic out around her and holding it there. She could feel Treeslider as a little crackle of energy just in front of her. As she focused on him, the energy slowly condensed in her awareness until it represented vaguely his relative shape and size.</p>
<p>"<em>That itchesss."</em> She heard the words as though underwater. Slowly blinking her eyes open, she attempted to maintain the field while answering, but as soon as she spoke it dissipated.</p>
<p>"<em>Sssorry,"</em> she said. The snake had swallowed one of the mice and was curled around the other two contentedly. Rigel arched her back in a stretch. She kept her eyes open and gathered her magic again, this time flinging it out around her as far as she could.</p>
<p>"<em>Ssssss."</em> Treeslider jerked in a wordless hiss of annoyance.</p>
<p>She smiled apologetically, but her attention was far away, focused on the echoes of information coming back to her on waves of magical return. Several things with magic showed up in her mind's eye as she sifted through the knowledge. <em>"What isss over that way?"</em> she asked the snake, pointing off to the right along the tree line. <em>"Up in the treesss."</em> There was a crackling feeling like a dozen tiny spots of energy.</p>
<p>Treeslider flicked his tongue out and said, <em>"Bowtrucklesss."</em></p>
<p>Rigel grinned. <em>"And there? Sssomething in the ground."</em> She indicated a point behind Treeslider and to the left.</p>
<p>"<em>It's only a nessst of Runessspoors,"</em> Treeslider said, coiling a bit tighter around his remaining mice. <em>"You don't want to talk to them. Ssso annoying. I cccertainly don't have enough miccce to ssshare."</em></p>
<p>"<em>I wouldn't dream of asssking you to ssshare,"</em> she assured the possessive snake. She practiced for another fifteen minutes or so before the feedback started giving her a headache. Upon standing, she said, "Want me to walk your miccce into the foressst a bit? It'sss not sssafe to be exposssed while you digessst."</p>
<p>"<em>Very well,"</em> the snake decided, uncurling from the two remaining mice and allowing her to pick them up gingerly as he awkwardly slithered into the trees with his bulging middle.</p>
<p>Rigel took a deep breath and held it as she followed, focusing only on Treeslider's rustling, ungainly form. She blocked out everything but the serpent's trail and made good headway into the forest before her fear reached into her chest and wrung out her heart like a wet rag. She gasped in air and stopped, leaning on a thick trunk to stave off dizziness.</p>
<p>"<em>Ssspeaker?"</em> Treeslider came back and surveyed her with a crooked head. <em>"You sssmell of fear again."</em></p>
<p>"<em>I'm fine,"</em> she said firmly, not sure if she was trying to convince the snake or herself.</p>
<p>"<em>Thisss isss far enough,"</em> Treeslider declared, settling down in the roots of the tree that was propping her up.</p>
<p>Rigel deposited the mice in the circle of his protective coil and said, <em>"Sssee you later, then." </em></p>
<p>She turned back toward the castle, and was relieved to note that it was much easier going the other way. Each step felt a little lighter and by the time she broke the tree line once more her breathing was mostly regular. As she walked back up to the castle, Rigel resolved to visit Treeslider at least once a week from now on. She refused to be ruled by fear.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The morning of the last Sunday in September, Dumbledore interrupted breakfast with an unexpected proclamation. He stood before the hall until it quieted and said, without a trace of his usual humor, "Tonight there will be a special feast here in the Great Hall. A number of Ministry officials and guests will be present and an important announcement will be made. I know you will all represent our school with pride. Please be in your seats promptly at six o'clock."</p>
<p>The old wizard sat, and chatter broke out across the House tables like quail startled from the brush.</p>
<p>"Finally," Theo said, grinning across the table. "I've been dying of curiosity."</p>
<p>"Dumbledore doesn't sound too thrilled about it," Millicent noted. "Wonder how long this has been in the works."</p>
<p>"Since last spring," Rigel said, thinking back with a mental scowl to the day Riddle and Snape had ambushed her about her magical suppressor. "Riddle was here to meet with Dumbledore about it at least once last term."</p>
<p>"Lord Riddle was here at Hogwarts?" Pansy's expression was bewildered. "Why didn't you mention seeing him, Rigel?"</p>
<p>"I was a bit distracted at the time," she said, shrugging uncomfortably.</p>
<p>Looking back, she was almost certain that was the day he'd done… whatever he'd done to her magic. Rigel had read through the report Dumbledore procured for her several times, but she still wasn't entirely sure what effect Riddle had meant to have on her. The report made it clear that the magical contamination, as she'd come to think of it, hadn't allowed the witch to glean any information at all about her fiancé. The magic she'd transferred to him had simply become his, and once it was gone she wasn't able to sense that bit of magic or exert control over it anymore.</p>
<p>Still, she was not satisfied. He had some reason for it, she just didn't know what yet. She would keep researching.</p>
<p>The day passed slowly as everyone tried to distract one another until dinner. Rigel sat in the common room through the early afternoon, reading through Dumbledore's Alchemy textbook while Pansy and Draco discussed increasingly wild theories as to what was going to be announced that evening.</p>
<p>It was almost a relief when their conversation fell silent. Rigel looked up from the notebook to see Rosier and Rookwood approaching their couch. Rookwood held a stack of white cards in his hand, which he distributed to the three of them with a rare smile. "A more formal invitation will be sent to your families, of course, but I wanted to invite you three personally."</p>
<p>Rigel flipped open the card and read the elegant scroll. <em>You are cordially invited to the joining of Edmund Rookwood and Alesana Selwyn in sacred matrimony.</em> The time, date, location and so on were listed on the back. It was to be the following summer, just after Draco's birthday.</p>
<p>Pansy leapt up from the couch and embraced Rookwood with an excited squeal. "I am so happy for you, Edmund. An outdoor ceremony is inspired."</p>
<p>"Thank you," Rookwood said. His deep voice was laced with satisfaction. "It was Alice's idea to ask my uncle for use of the gardens at his reserve."</p>
<p>"Congratulations," Draco said, standing to shake Rookwood's hand once Pansy had stepped back. "Smart move, having the wedding as soon as you graduate. Yours will be a splendid match."</p>
<p>Rigel rose as well and took Rookwood's large hand when Draco was through. "I'm sure the ceremony will be stunning," she said, smiling up at the upperclassman. "I'll remind my father to check the mail so we can RSVP."</p>
<p>"We will be glad to have you," Rookwood said, inclining his head in thanks.</p>
<p>"Indeed," Rosier added, his patience apparently expired. "Having the silver trio will make it a guaranteed success."</p>
<p>"No one calls us that," Draco said firmly as he reclaimed his seat. Rigel and Pansy followed suit and the older boys chose chairs across the small coffee table for themselves.</p>
<p>"They really do, though," Rosier said sadly. "Alas, for your dignity."</p>
<p>"How was your summer?" Pansy asked, cutting off Draco's simmering retort. Rigel thought the girl probably knew exactly how his summer had been, but she gave Pansy points for attempting to keep Draco and Rosier civil. Somehow it was always like oil meeting water with those two.</p>
<p>"Dreadfully uneventful," Rosier said. "I almost wish I'd been at the World Cup, if only for a break from the monotony."</p>
<p>"Excitement isn't everything," Draco said sharply.</p>
<p>"So I've heard," Rosier said, waving a hand dismissively. "I want to hear about Rigel's summer. I hear you spent it abroad. You do seem unusually tan."</p>
<p>She was no such thing after spending a month mostly indoors, but she humored the seventh year. "I was visiting the Darian Gap community in the Americas."</p>
<p>"What were they like?" Rookwood leaned forward with his elbows on his knees and his hands loosely laced. "I've heard the wizards there are entirely closed off from the world."</p>
<p>"Nearly," Rigel agreed. "They are closer to our definition of druids than wizards, really. The villages are too small to support specialized craftsmen. Each wizard makes his own wand or talisman. A lot of their magic doesn't rely on that, though. It's mostly plant-based or ritualistic."</p>
<p>"And you went as part of a Healing outreach," Rosier said. It wasn't really a question, but Rigel nodded all the same. "How did that go?"</p>
<p>"There was an outbreak of tropic fever while I was there," she said.</p>
<p>"He was put under quarantine for ages," Draco added, sending her a look that said he thought it entirely her own fault.</p>
<p>"Goodness, that sounds trying," Rosier said, cocking his head at her.</p>
<p>"It was quite virulent," Rigel agreed. In fact, the fatality rate had been near fifty percent until someone figured out that it was being transmitted through mosquito bites. Once they figured out how to ward villages against the bloodsuckers, infection rates dropped off completely. Fairly sure that her friends did not want the unhappy details, she merely said. "We couldn't save everyone."</p>
<p>Rosier's face went blank with shock at her blunt words and even Rookwood looked taken aback. It was Pansy who broke the awkward silence that followed. "It was so good of you to try, Rigel. I really admire your selflessness. Not many would have left their home and traveled to a strange new place to help those in need, particularly with the risks involved in handling an epidemic."</p>
<p>"It wasn't entirely selfless," Rigel said, smiling softly at her. "I did learn a lot."</p>
<p>"Honestly Pans, Rigel doesn't need more encouragement to put others before himself," Draco said, scowling playfully at her. The others laughed, and conversation moved on to more pleasant topics.</p>
<p>"How is NEWT prep going?" Pansy asked them.</p>
<p>"Fine."</p>
<p>"Awful."</p>
<p>They spoke at the same time and shared a brief smile. "Aldon exaggerates," Rookwood told them.</p>
<p>"Edmund is trying not to scare you," Rosier said, shaking his head. "The coursework is beastly. McGonagall's got us calculating the rate of magical expenditure in time-delayed transfigurations."</p>
<p>"The rate of what?" Draco's brow furrowed. "That sounds more like Arithmancy."</p>
<p>"It is," Rookwood confirmed. "Advanced Transfigurations requires a basic understanding of Arithmancy, however."</p>
<p>"The rate of expenditure changes for every different material, so it's not like you can even memorize the equation once and be done," Rosier said on a sigh.</p>
<p>"That's because the magical coefficient of every material is unique," Rigel said. The four of them turned to stare at her. She blinked at them. "It's not so much that the equation changes as the variable does. Materials that have a higher coefficient don't last as long when Transfigured because the coefficient describes how resistant the material is to magical change."</p>
<p>"How do you know that?" Pansy asked, openly curious.</p>
<p>"It's a basic principle of Alchemy," she said. Rigel remembered having to explain the same thing to Percy and wondered why they didn't teach that to seventh years right off the bat.</p>
<p>"I have heard that Alchemy is Transfiguration by way of Arithmancy," Rookwood said. "Is that accurate?"</p>
<p>"Basically," Rigel said, nodding. "Alchemy uses Arithmetic equations to calculate exact proportions of material and magic while relying on runic arrays to actually enact the Transfiguration."</p>
<p>"Sounds unnecessarily complicated," Rosier commented.</p>
<p>"It is for anything that can be achieved with basic Transfiguration," Rigel agreed. "Supposedly once you get to the upper levels, Alchemy can achieve Transfigurations that no other branch can replicate, but of course you have to be someone like Dumbledore to really take advantage of that."</p>
<p>"It does seem to have interesting applications, though," Pansy said. "At least, you have a better understanding of Transfiguration than we do, and that's Draco's best class."</p>
<p>Draco snorted. "Rigel studies too much." The look he shot Rigel made her think he knew where she'd found the time to pursue such advanced topics and was probably still annoyed that she'd had a time-turner for the entirety of last year. She smiled sweetly at him, aware that he couldn't say anything about the time-turner without getting her interrogated by the Unspeakables for breaking contract. All he could do was glower back at her silently. She had to admit he was good at that.</p>
<p>Eventually, and almost inevitably, the conversation circled around to what everyone was trying to pretend they weren't waiting for. The announcement.</p>
<p>"My uncle knows something," Rookwood said. He sounded certain. "He came to Hogwarts this year for more than just teaching."</p>
<p>"You think there will be creatures involved?" Draco wrinkled his nose. "Like some sort of circus?"</p>
<p>"If there are creatures involved, they won't be the kind you find in your average menagerie," Rookwood reasoned. "Uncle Aurelius is renowned as an expert in dangerous and hard to handle beasts. The only one better in his field is Master Scamander himself."</p>
<p>"Oh good, more danger at Hogwarts," Rosier drawled.</p>
<p>"I'm sure the Ministry has everything under control," Pansy said. After a moment she cracked a reluctant smile. "I sound entirely foolish saying that."</p>
<p>"Utterly barmy," Draco agrees. "The Ministry? In control of something? Bite your tongue."</p>
<p>"The Party will have it in hand," Rookwood said, shrugging unconcernedly.</p>
<p><em>Because they've handled things so well in the past,</em> Rigel thought. She didn't say it out loud but Draco's sharp glance and the spike in her head from Dom told her that her feelings on the subject did not go unnoticed.</p>
<p>Rookwood and Rosier left about an hour before dinner, and Pansy rose as well. "You boys ought to smarten yourselves up for dinner. If there's really going to be dignitaries or press, your families will want you to look sharp."</p>
<p>"Mine won't," Rigel said, smirking.</p>
<p>"I'm sure you'll make an effort for my sake then," Pansy said primly.</p>
<p>She would, and the other girl knew it. Sighing, Draco stretched and gestured for Rigel to come along. "Might as well get dressed. If we hurry, Pansy will have plenty of time to tell us what we've done wrong."</p>
<p>"Don't tempt me, boys." Pansy laughed as they scurried off to their room. "And don't forget to change your shoes, Rigel!"</p>
<p>She looked down at her very serviceable black boots. "No one else appreciates you," she told them mournfully. They didn't answer, but if they could she knew they would agree with her.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The Great Hall did not look as it normally did on an average Sunday in September. It had been decorated. The theme was unclear, but there did seem to be a lot of silver and black. Tapestries depicting witches and wizards of great renown had been hung to cover nearly every available space alone the walls. She recognized the four founders near the Hall entrance, dramatically portrayed in dynamic poses that suggested decisive and inspiring action. Then there was Nicholas Flamel, Adalbert Waffling, Mopsus, Artimisia Lufkin, Falco Parkinson, and even Merlin himself, among others.</p>
<p>The House tables had been largely stripped of their own colors, and shining silver dishes had replaced the plates they normally ate on. The Head table had been modified as well. Where usually Dumbledore sat in the center of the table, his chair only slightly more ornate than the other staff members', now the center of the table was physically elevated on a kind of dais, with three chairs that looked more like thrones to draw all eyes to those seated upon them.</p>
<p>Riddle sat in the center, the very picture of a lord reigning over his court. He glittered faintly in ebony robes stitched with luminescent silver thread. The Headmaster had been shunted to Riddle's left, with the Minister of Magic, by rights the one who should have had the highest consequence, seated at Riddle's right hand. <em>Not subtle at all,</em> she couldn't help but think critically.</p>
<p>Rigel took her seat between Pansy and Draco without commenting on the new décor or seating arrangements. She did watch the others exchange wary glances up and down the table, but most of the students in Slytherin House clung to dignity and refrained from gaping at the dais with open confusion. She saw a couple of Gryffindors actually point and wanted to smile, but when she remembered who they were pointed at, the amusement dried up like spilt coffee, leaving only a ring of crusty emotional residue in its wake.</p>
<p>At precisely six o'clock, the doors to the Great Hall swung closed of their own accord, barely missing the heels of a couple of young Hufflepuffs who'd cut it too close. Everyone looked expectantly at the Head table, where the teachers sat with inscrutable expressions. The moment stretched into awkwardness before Dumbledore began to rise. As soon as the older wizard made to take his feet, Riddle stood smoothly and spread his hands wide. The Headmaster sank into his seat again with a faintly amused expression, and Riddle began speaking as though he hadn't noticed Dumbledore moving at all.</p>
<p>"Good evening, students, staff, Minister. Thank you all for joining me on this special occasion." Riddle didn't exactly smile, but his features nevertheless gave the impression of pleasure. "Tonight we have a great announcement. Some of you are about to be faced with an opportunity that comes along but once in a generation. For a determined few, this opportunity may define the trajectory of your lives." The Hall was filled with rapt faces and students leaning forward in their seats to see and hear better. "Before we get to that, however—let us feast!"</p>
<p>Riddle clapped his hands and food materialized on the tables to the tune of hundreds of disappointed sighs. The man certainly was sadistic.</p>
<p>The clatter and chatter of silverware and students echoed up and down the tables. Rigel studiously ignored it, serving herself vegetables and potatoes with her head down and her eyes focused on the table in front of her. Once she'd filled her plate, however, she found she had no appetite. Her stomach was churning. She had a premonition of impending plots twisting itself through her guts and no amount of lovely House Elf cooking could break through the welling nausea.</p>
<p>"You're not eating," Pansy said from her left. Rigel glanced over at her through her fringe.</p>
<p>"Not hungry," she admitted.</p>
<p>"Don't work yourself up over this," Draco advised lowly from her other side. "It won't be as bad as you seem to think."</p>
<p>Rigel knew, somehow, that he was wrong. It was going to be exactly as bad as she thought. Something about Riddle's smugly confident expression had told her as much. Still, she smoothed her emotions under a blanket of Occlumency and smiled politely to her friends. "Sure." They both looked disappointed at her rather obvious dissembling, but at least they left her to pick at her meal in silence.</p>
<p>As dessert was at last cleared away, the doors opened once more to allow a swarm of people to filter in from the Entrance Hall. Witches and wizards with cameras and quills hurried to crowd the Head table with shouted questions and flashing bulbs. Riddle stood tall before them, his particular not-smile managing to convey pride and benevolence all at once. Minister Fudge got to his feet hastily to beam at the press like a trained monkey. Dumbledore was the last to rise, slow dignity and a vague sense of disapproval emanating from his wizened figure.</p>
<p>With a wave of his hands, Riddle quieted the ravenous reporters. The students fell silent as well and a fresh wave of anticipation thrummed through the room. "The time has come to reveal the purpose of tonight's gathering. This year, Hogwarts will be host to a grand event—the first and only competition of its kind. The True Triwizard Tournament!"</p>
<p>At his declaration, the candles in the room flared with light and everywhere in the audience gasps and sighs of amazement rippled.</p>
<p>"What <em>does</em> he mean?"</p>
<p>"There hasn't been a Triwizard Tournament in <em>ages</em>."</p>
<p>The whispered conjectures spread through the Hall like scuttling creatures in the shadows. At another pass of Riddle's hand, the murmuring settled into a hush. Rigel's stomach clenched against her bad feeling as the dark-haired politician explained.</p>
<p>"For many years in our society a great debate has dominated the collective sphere. What makes a great witch or wizard? Is it nature or nurture? Luck or destiny? Does power reside in the mind… or in the blood?" Riddle allowed the shock to permeate his audience before his face relaxed into a predatory smirk. "This year at Hogwarts, we shall answer that question once and for all. A call will be sent out this very night to all corners of the world. Let any witch or wizard who believes in his or her greatness come to Hogwarts—and <em>prove it</em>."</p>
<p>"Circe's tits, he can't be serious." Theo's face was an open study of incredulity, and he was not the only one. Rigel's eyes slid from one shocked expression to the next. There was the leader of the S.O.W. Party, famed wizard of power and blood purest extraordinaire, declaring the question of blood supremacy <em>unresolved</em>.</p>
<p>For a moment, she wondered if he'd gone mad. He wanted to put the question of blood prejudice to a public test on the international stage? Then she realized what the end game would inevitably be. A pureblood would win the tournament, and the so-called debate would be dealt a killing blow in front of all and sundry. Riddle was gambling the foundation of his party—to win eternal vindication for his cause.</p>
<p>The press clambered with questions, but Riddle wasn't through. "In one month's time, on Samhain's Eve, the preliminary participants will be announced. A total of nine young witches and wizards will be chosen to fight for the chance to represent their communities. While contestants will not be excluded by blood or background, there will be certain restrictions. In order to present a fair contest of each category, the tournament organizers have chosen an age group that, we believe, best represents the potential of young magic wielders without restricting the pool of talent unnecessarily. For that reason, this tournament will be open to all witches and wizards between the ages of fourteen and seventeen."</p>
<p>The uproar was instantaneous. Younger students took to their feet in outrage at being excluded, while those fourth-year and above students whooped with wild delight.</p>
<p>"Why have an age range at all?" Millicent did not look particularly pleased to be included; mostly she seemed puzzled by the criteria. "Wouldn't the older students automatically out-perform the younger ones?"</p>
<p>"Depends on the criteria they use to determine participants," Blaise said, pitching his voice lower to cut through the din rather than trying to talk over it. "Lord Riddle said only nine will get to compete. That's not very many, if every teenager in the whole world gets to apply."</p>
<p>Rigel tried to un-grit her teeth, but it wasn't easy. With the cut-off at fourteen, at least some of her friends were guaranteed to get caught up in this tournament nonsense.</p>
<p>A flash of light from Dumbledore's fingers surprised most of the students into silence, at least long enough for the Headmaster to say, with remarkable evenness, "Please allow Tom to finish his explanation, students. Once the announcement is over, you may all go to your dormitories to discuss the news at length."</p>
<p>Riddle shot Dumbledore a look that was hard to read. Rigel thought he might be annoyed at the Headmaster's use of his first name. The politician raised his hands once more and said, ever so benevolent, "I know that some of you are disappointed. Rest assured that this event will be equally as thrilling to watch as to directly compete. The tournament committee has gathered expert minds from every field to create for you all this spectacular trial of talent, versatility, and will. From Samhain Day until Yule, the first nine chosen will undergo fierce preliminary trials, until at last one wizard from each category will rise to the fore. After the New Year, the real competition begins: one pureblood, one halfblood, and one muggleborn will go head-to-head in an all-out contest to decide who will be the winner of the True Triwizard Tournament and claim the title of Blood Champion for once and for all!"</p>
<p>Applause broke out spontaneously, and Rigel couldn't help but flatten her lips in despair of her classmates. Was no one considering the consequences of the kind of competition Riddle was describing? Could they not see the way this tournament would rip at the deepest divides in their society, inflaming old prejudice and giving outlet to the worst kind of superiority in every way? Could they see nothing beyond imagined glory and the base desire for gratuitous entertainment?</p>
<p>"Lord Riddle! What will the prizes be?" One of the reporters made himself heard over the noise and everyone settled down to hear the answer.</p>
<p>"Is eternal glory not enough?" Riddle laughed lightly at the man's stammered retraction. "But of course, there will be incentives. How else are we to attract the best and brightest the Wizarding World has to offer? For the nine semi-finalists, a cash prize of 500 Galleons will be awarded." He paused to allow the applause at that to die out before continuing. "The three Blood Representatives who advance to the finals will each receive 1000 additional Galleons, as well as a full scholarship to the secondary institution or Guild program of their choice, upon the completion of their regular schooling. We have partnered with nations worldwide to ensure that any finalist from anywhere on earth will be afforded the very best in advanced educational opportunities."</p>
<p>There was a great deal more applause at this. Rigel supposed uncharitably that it was hard not to support educating promising young people. "As for the Blood Champion, whoever that may be, he or she will win an all-expense-paid world tour, where the Champion will meet influential and outstanding witches and wizards from participating nations in a wide variety of fields. The Champion will earn one other prize as well. Would you like to see it?" The encouraging cheers did not leave any doubt that everyone would, if Riddle didn't mind, very much like to see whatever it was.</p>
<p>Riddle clapped his hands twice and smoke briefly obscured him. When the black fog evaporated a moment later, Riddle was holding a shining staff of purest silver. He lifted it horizontally above his head and declared, "Behold, the Rod of Zuriel!" From where she sat, Rigel could see that the body of the rod was wound with ropey filigree, but what drew the eye was the massive red stone set into the nest-like cradle at its top. It looked like a ruby, but she'd never seen a ruby so large, nor so perfectly red. A blood gem. How unbearably on the nose. Riddle turned slowly left then right, allowing everyone who wanted a glimpse to bask in the shining beauty of the staff. "This glorious staff will amplify the magic of any who possess it. An unparalleled tool deserving of a matchless master. The Blood Champion will be awarded its allegiance!"</p>
<p>A shiver went down her spine at his phrasing. Not the staff but its <em>allegiance</em>. Was it sentient? Rigel hoped not. She'd had enough of sentient stones to last a lifetime.</p>
<p>"Sir, a question from the Daily Prophet!"</p>
<p>"Yes, Miss Skeeter," Riddle said, giving an indulgent nod to the witch in acid green as he lowered the staff and placed it before him on the Head table.</p>
<p>"How will the tournament committee ensure the contest is fair?" Skeeter's voice dripped with sweetness. "Will the judges be above reproach?"</p>
<p>It was a good question. There was simply no world in which Riddle would allow a halfblood or a muggleborn to win his tournament. But how would he maintain the appearance of impartiality?</p>
<p>"There will the three separate stages, all judged in different ways, to avoid any murmurings of partiality," Riddle said smoothly. "When the various magical institutes around the world nominate their candidates, two dozen randomly selected school board members and representatives of the educational departments of various governments will be invited to participate in narrowing the field down to just nine participants. In the preliminary stages, a panel of judges, equally balanced in terms of blood status of course, will preside over the tasks, scoring candidates on a variety of metrics, some of which are, due to the nature of these preliminary tasks, unavoidably subjective. When the final three are chosen, however, the scoring changes. The final events will be measured according to a transparent rubric that corresponds directly to how a representative performs in the challenge. The winner will be determined according to his or her score in each of the final challenges, and so no one can say that it was subjectivity that ultimately determined whether a pureblood, halfblood, or muggleborn would become tournament champion."</p>
<p>"You certainly seem to have thought of everything, Lord Riddle," Rita Skeeter simpered.</p>
<p>It was a rather convoluted plan, Rigel thought, but it did upon first recitation give off an illusion of fairness. That alone made her suspicious.</p>
<p>"Why not use the Triwizard Cup?" another reporter asked loudly.</p>
<p>"That artifact's properties do not lend itself to our needs," Riddle said, sounding only a little apologetic. "Its choices are mysterious, after all, and we want there to be no question of integrity in this tournament."</p>
<p>"For what criteria will the preliminary candidates be chosen?"</p>
<p>"Ah, that is an excellent question!" Minister Fudge spoke loudly, clearly unable to hold himself back from the press conference any longer. "You see, this tournament is not necessarily about intelligence or book smarts alone. The candidates that become our preliminary contestants will have to be well rounded. Strong ability across multiple subjects is preferred, and the candidates will additionally be screened for creative problem-solving ability, work ethic, good character, and, of course, magical strength. Anyone can self-nominate, but recommendations <em>will</em> carry weight."</p>
<p>"Minister, is the Department of Games and Sports going to finance the tournament?"</p>
<p>"Ah, not fully, and we are accepting donations at this time," Fudge said, clearing his throat before adding, more loudly, "Though the Ministry of Magic is proud to sponsor the True Triwizard Tournament, I would like to thank Lord Riddle and the S.O.W. Party for conceptualizing the event and spearheading the planning committee. I would also like to thank Headmaster Dumbledore for agreeing to the use of the school and grounds in this manner. The good headmaster's support for the tournament logistics has been invaluable."</p>
<p>There was polite applause, but it only lasted a few moments before the reporters flew into a litany of inquiries once more. Rigel started to tune them out when the question of security arose and the entire conference began to devolve into the Minister weakly assuring the press that another incident like that of the World Cup was well outside the realm of possibility.</p>
<p>She turned this new horror over in her mind slowly, almost numb to its enormity. She actually felt a bit better, knowing what all the fuss was about now. It could have been much worse, she reasoned. What if Riddle had wanted to implement some new curriculum at Hogwarts that didn't include Potions? She shuddered at the thought and wondered how her mind had even conceived such evil. A tournament wasn't the end of the world. She would resignedly witness her friends making fools of themselves trying to get nominated and otherwise ignore the whole proceeding. It had nothing to do with her, and she would not allow the spectacle to distract her from her studies.</p>
<p>After another ten minutes of questions, Riddle finally cut the session short. "The Department of Magical Games and Sports will release a statement in the morning detailing all that we have covered tonight and more. Thank you all for your time. I wish you a pleasant good evening."</p>
<p>The reporters left, reluctantly but inevitably. When the Hall had returned to relative quiet, Riddle addressed the seated students again.</p>
<p>"Hogwarts is one of the few all-pure institutions left in the world. You are the bastions of our tradition, our culture; the pride of this community rests in your hands this year, students." Riddle looked down over the House tables with indulgent admonishment, like a mother reminding her children to eat their vegetables. "I trust that each of you will uphold the dignity of your blood over the coming year. Prepare to show the world what Hogwarts has to offer. To those of you who would compete: good luck."</p>
<p>With that, Riddle reverently picked up the Stick of Zuriel or whatever he'd called the silver staff and left the Hall. Dumbledore dismissed them all soon after, and Rigel joined the flood of Slytherins flowing down into the dungeons like a very talkative river.</p>
<p>"Who do you think they'll pick?" Millicent asked. "There are a number of talented students who qualify, though I suppose there's no guarantee that someone we know will get chosen."</p>
<p>"There has to be at least one from Hogwarts, don't you think?" Theo raised his eyebrows meaningfully. "After all, it's being hosted here. How embarrassing would it be for the Ministry if none of us got to compete?"</p>
<p>"What a convoluted tournament." Blaise's voice was neither approving nor disapproving, merely factual. "No doubt the reports will be confused and sensational tomorrow morning."</p>
<p>"That's why the DMGS is releasing a statement," Pansy reminded him. "They aren't giving people much time to apply. I wonder if that was deliberate?"</p>
<p>"Probably to cut down on the number of applicants the committee has to sort through," Draco said.</p>
<p>"Will your father be on the committee?" Millicent asked.</p>
<p>"I'm going to write and ask him tonight," Draco said, scowling slightly. "I can't believe he didn't tell me about this."</p>
<p>"Probably knew you'd tell your friends," Theo guessed.</p>
<p>As they approached the corridor that branched off toward Snape's office, Rigel peeled away from the crowd.</p>
<p>"Rigel?" Draco frowned at her as the others slowed to see where she was going.</p>
<p>"I've got to talk to Snape about something," she said, waving them on. "I'll meet you back in the common room."</p>
<p>In truth, she didn't have any pressing matters for her Head of House. She just didn't want to listen to her friends over-discuss the tournament for the next hour. If she could stall long enough in Snape's office, they might be done talking about it by the time she got back.</p>
<p>"Are you going to ask for a nomination!?" Nott's voice was both incredulous and admiring. "Working fast, aren't you?"</p>
<p>Rigel did not disguise the look of distaste on her face. "Not on your life."</p>
<p>She took her time walking through the dungeon halls. What was she going to give Snape as the reason for her visit? There was one thing she had been meaning to ask him about, only there hadn't seemed a good time to bring it up. As she researched magical transference in her free time, she'd become more and more concerned about what Riddle had intended that day in the spare classroom. Rigel wanted to ask Snape if he'd noticed Riddle doing anything to her magic, but she was afraid to know the answer.</p>
<p>What if he had known what Riddle was doing and hadn't told her? She had to admit that would hurt. Rigel knew Snape didn't approve of the way she'd handled her magic last year, but she didn't like to imagine that the Potions Master would go so far as to allow her to be violated in that manner. She could feel resentment threatening to climb up the column of her throat so she swallowed it down forcefully. She didn't know anything for certain. Perhaps it was past time she asked.</p>
<p>She knocked on the familiar office door. There was a longer pause than normal before Snape's voice called for her to enter, and he sounded a bit off. Wondering if she'd come at a bad time, Rigel turned the silver knob and pushed. She'd only taken a couple of steps before she stopped, hand still on the door and took a steadying breath. Riddle was in Snape's office, sitting at his desk as though he had any right to the Potions Master's seat.</p>
<p>"Forgive me, Professor. I'll come back tomorrow." She made to back out of the office but Snape's hand on the door's edge stopped her. She narrowed her eyes slightly, briefly contemplating letting go of the handle and walking out anyway, but the look in Snape's eyes dissuade her. He was staring at her in resigned frustration, and a flick of his gaze had her coming back into the office completely so that he could shut the door behind her.</p>
<p>"Just the boy we were talking about, Severus." Riddle appeared quietly satisfied, and the pleased glint in his eye provoked her to an open frown.</p>
<p>"Indeed," Snape's inflection revealed nothing. He conjured two chairs and bade her to sit.</p>
<p>Rigel sank slowly into the chair, content to ignore Riddle for as long as possible. "Was there something you required of me, Professor?"</p>
<p>Her Head of House pressed his lips together and shifted his stare to the indolently lounging Riddle. "Perhaps you should explain, Lord Riddle."</p>
<p>"Of course, Severus. Mr. Black—may I call you Rigel?" His smile was as fake as a Diagon Alley love charm. She jerked her head in a sharp negation but he seemed not to notice. "Severus was just telling me of his plans to nominate you for the tournament."</p>
<p>There was a dull buzzing in her ears and she blinked rapidly. She could not have heard him correctly. Her brain replayed the words in her head, confirming the dark horror that was building in her chest. "I don't understand." The words were faint and scarcely intelligible, but it was the best she could do as a hole of raw panic opened up inside of her.</p>
<p>"The True Triwizard Tournament," Riddle said, still smiling. Except there was no humor in his eyes and the smile held the aggressive edge of barred teeth. "Severus was saying, and I quite agree, that you would be the perfect candidate for Hogwarts to put forth."</p>
<p>Rigel turned to stare at Snape. There was simply no way that he would ever do such a thing to her. Would he? She searched his blank expression and found no reassurance. After an awkwardly long silence in which she begged him with her eyes to refute the awful man sitting <em>in his chair</em>, Snape's eyes flickered, every so briefly, toward Riddle and back.</p>
<p>She nearly gasped with relief, but managed to school her expression before it betrayed her. Snape had not wanted this. It was all Riddle. Again. Summoning her very best apologetically regretful expression, Rigel widened her eyes and bit her lip before saying. "That's very kind of you, Professor. I'm afraid I don't have time for such an undertaking this year, however. As you know, I have a full schedule."</p>
<p>Snape let the tiniest of grimaces slip onto his face and said, "I'm afraid I must insist, Ri—Mr. Black. It is very important that Hogwarts make a good showing for this event."</p>
<p>"Then it might be best to ask an older student," Rigel said reasonably.</p>
<p>"We are not asking another student," Riddle told her, voice chiding. "We are nominating <em>you</em>."</p>
<p>The use of 'we' did not escape her. She didn't know what Riddle thought he would gain by forcing Snape to nominate her, but he was out of his mind if he thought she would be participating in his circus. "I am honored," she lied. "Still, I won't be accepting. I hope you find someone suitable."</p>
<p>She made to rise, but Riddle's face fell into a hard glare and she found she couldn't complete the gesture. Merlin, but he was scary when he stopped pretending to be a normal person.</p>
<p>"You <em>will</em> be Hogwarts' representative for the tournament, Rigel." Even her name on his lips made her want to snarl with aberrance.</p>
<p>Lifting her chin, she glared back with all her might. "You cannot <em>force</em> me to participate, Mr. Riddle."</p>
<p>"Control your temper, Mr. Black," Snape cut in sharply. When she looked at him, the worry for her that lined his face was the only thing that kept her from snapping back.</p>
<p>"With all due respect, Professor, I will not go along with this. Nominate me all you like. Even if they pick me, I will decline to compete. Please fine another candidate." Rigel thought she'd kept a civil tone, but there was still a silent warning in her Head of House's eyes. <em>So be it,</em> she thought. <em>If I have to defy even Snape to avoid this tournament, I will.</em></p>
<p>To her surprise, Riddle merely smiled again. "You have thirty days to change your mind. If you remain uncooperative, I will devise a means to change it for you."</p>
<p>"What does that mean?" Rigel stiffened her spine against the thought that he would use nefarious means to control her somehow. Even Riddle could not get away with the Imperious Curse, but she did not put anything past the abhorrent politician.</p>
<p>"No one is un-persuadable," Riddle told her. The way he said it, emotionless as a remark on the color of the sky, was the most ominous thing about it.</p>
<p>"You have nothing I want," she asserted. She couldn't think of a bribe that would be worth the dreadfulness of getting wrapped up in his little opera. No amount of money or knowledge was worth that.</p>
<p>"We shall see."</p>
<p>She stared in incredulous fury at the wizard before her. He thought he could just make her do something she didn't want to do? Let him try. Rigel kept her glare up until she felt the familiar flash of pain that was Dom's warning behind her eyes. She broke his gaze at once and stood. "If that is all, I best get back to the common room. Good evening, Professor."</p>
<p>Without waiting for a reply, she fled the office. It was only halfway back to the common room that she realized her hands were shaking. Closing her eyes, she slumped against a cold stone wall and let the rage crash over her. How <em>dare</em> he? What the hell did he think he was playing at? And Snape just <em>stood</em> there and <em>let</em> him—</p>
<p>With a slightly shaky laugh, she realized that was what upset her the most. Was her professor really so spineless? What did Riddle have over him, that he bowed to the man's every whim? She grimaced against the bitterness and straightened slowly. What did it matter, really, why Snape capitulated to Riddle's insistence? All that mattered was what she would do next. Rigel was on her own, that much was clear. That was fine. She would be her own support, as always.</p>
<p>Dizzy with the swirling implications of the night, Rigel made her way back to the common room and pleaded a headache when her friends waved her toward their chairs. She retreated to her room and dug in her trunk for a certain mirror. Archie needed to know about the tournament. At the very least, it meant many more eyes on Hogwarts than they'd even anticipated. The ruse would be tested that year like never before.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>"Must you aggravate the boy every time you encounter him?" Severus was hard-pressed not to let his expression betray his dismay as he locked and warded the door after Rigel Black's abrupt exit.</p>
<p>"He purposely provokes my displeasure," Lord Riddle said unconcernedly. "Eventually, he will learn respect. That, or he will suffer the consequences."</p>
<p>Severus suspected it would be the latter. Rigel had very little sense of self-preservation, apparently. "How will you convince him?" he asked. He very much doubted the average inducement would appeal to a boy like Rigel Black.</p>
<p>Riddle's expression turned sardonic. "How would you go about it?"</p>
<p>Severus gave it honest consideration. His lord would accept nothing less. "It won't be enough to offer something he wants. Black could easily agree to participate and then make a poor showing to spite you." Riddle let out a noise of agreement. "You will have to offer him something he cannot afford to refuse. What that may be…" Severus lifted a shoulder. "I've no idea what he might value so much."</p>
<p>"He's a fourteen-year-old boy. It will not be difficult to discover," Riddle said confidently. After a contemplative silence, the dark-haired man shook his head and refocused. "Regardless, I had another reason for seeking you out, Severus."</p>
<p>He had wondered when Riddle would get around to what he'd originally come down to the dungeons to speak about. Certainly neither had expected Rigel to walk into the office so blithely. Severus suspected that Riddle would have waited until the end of the month to inform Rigel of his nomination, had the opportunity not presented itself so invitingly.</p>
<p>"The Potter girl," Riddle said, and Severus' attention snapped back to him in surprise.</p>
<p>"What about her?" he drawled, conveying to the best of his vocal ability that the girl ought to be of no concern to Riddle. She was of concern to no one but him, for the moment.</p>
<p>"I need you to separate the boy from his attachment to her. Regulus intimates that the girl has undue influence over our would-be champion." Riddle fixed Severus with a stern look. "Black cannot afford the connection, nor the distraction."</p>
<p>Severus paused for as long as he dared before answering. He had to think of some way to divert the politician's intentions. How had the man even known that Severus was in any way connected with Potter? "That will be prohibitively difficult, my lord. The two are closer than most siblings. Black would no sooner relinquish Harriett Potter than he would give up studying Potions."</p>
<p>"You will persuade him otherwise." Riddle appeared determined to pursue this course, and Severus couldn't help but wonder who had suggested this ill-advised plan to the politician. "Rigel Black is to be the perfect poster-boy for Pureblood preeminence. He cannot be so closely connected to a Halfblood."</p>
<p>So Riddle did intend for Rigel to win his tournament. Snape had suspected as much, but to have it as much as confirmed still lodged a weight in his stomach. Was it fate, that his student sought neither attention nor hassle yet was unable to escape either? "It may not be possible," Severus cautioned his lord carefully. "Could you not leverage their relationship instead?"</p>
<p>Lord Riddle tilted his head, considering. "As long as they are so attached to on another, both are vulnerable," he mused.</p>
<p>That was not quite what he meant. Severus offered, "A symbol of Pureblood who has strong ties to Halfbloods and Muggleborns would be more sympathetic to the moderates. Rigel's affection for his cousin will appeal to those who otherwise wouldn't support him as champion."</p>
<p>He had the satisfaction of seeing Riddle's eyebrows rise. "Interesting assertion, Severus. Are you certain that isn't your own sympathies talking?"</p>
<p>"If it is, my point is sound," Severus said, raising a brow of his own. "In addition, consider the girl herself: a talented young inventor, heiress to the Potter line. Her attachment to Rigel may be the leverage we need to win her to our side."</p>
<p>"You praise her." Riddle looked fascinated now. Not the best of indications, but at least he had successfully diverted the man's attention.</p>
<p>"Her ability speaks for itself," Severus said flatly. "Add to that the fact that she has the favor of the Aldermaster already, and you see why she is not as dependent on my good will as it seems. Her ideas are too compelling for the field to ignore. Better to have her in our corner before she becomes an unstoppable force in the academic community."</p>
<p>Riddle sat up straighter, looking at Severus as though he'd never seen him before. "And if I were to insist, Severus? If I told you that you must alienate the girl from her cousin in the next six months?"</p>
<p>Severus's gaze was steady as he looked at the powerful man across from him and said, "I would tell you it cannot be done. Beyond all that I have already mentioned, I have a contractual apprenticeship with both Rigel Black and Miss Potter. I can neither dissolve nor undermine either agreement without losing my own standing in the Guild. Regretfully, my lord, I am not the man for this task. If there is a way to separate those two, it is beyond my sphere of influence."</p>
<p>Riddle's gaze glittered with captivated curiosity. "Do you truly believe she can be persuaded to our side?"</p>
<p>"She will go where her cousin goes," Severus said slowly. That much he was sure of. "The boy will have to be convinced first. He doesn't like you," he added, in case Riddle had any delusions on that front.</p>
<p>"I don't require him to like me," Riddle said, looking amused. "Whether he wants to or not, he will become a symbol of our Party. When he wins this tournament and proves decisively that pure blood wins out, he will be ours by default. The people will rally behind him."</p>
<p>"Can a schoolyard tournament really accomplish so much?" Severus wondered aloud.</p>
<p>"Everyone loves a good sporting match," Riddle said, smiling slowly. "This spectacle will be like nothing they've ever seen. People who never thought they had a stake in blood politics will be choosing sides. That is the power of entertainment."</p>
<p>He suppressed the urge to widen his eyes and instead allowed the ripples of thought disturbed by that pronouncement to propagate silently. Severus could not shake the sense that Riddle was entirely correct in his assessment of the masses.</p>
<p>After a final instruction to keep pressure on Rigel Black regarding acceptance of his place in the tournament, Lord Riddle took his leave. Severus stayed seated a while longer before retiring. He had much to reflect upon. It was fortuitous, perhaps, that Rigel had requested to learn Battle Potions this term. Almost as though he knew what was in store for him. All Severus could do was prepare his student as best he could for what awaited. There was nothing else for it.</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
