<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <title>The Futile Facade</title>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 8</h2>
    <div class="storytext">
        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The day following Halloween, Rigel was ambushed in her own common room. The perpetrator, a petite blonde girl with soft blue eyes and a no-nonsense expression, barred her way to the common room entrance with the force of her gaze alone. She gave no care to Rigel's protests that she had brewing to do, ushering her instead toward a low-backed couch by one of the fireplaces. Rigel sank slowly into the cushions, despair creeping into her soul. Her ingredients would shrivel in disuse, she insisted, and her knifes would get up to mischief if left alone too long. Her cautionary words were met with an unimpressed stare as her tormenter arranged a stack of folders on the table before them. When Rigel suggested that her cauldron might be missing her, Pansy fixed her with an exasperated frown.</p>
<p>"Rigel, this is important. I promise you can go brew when we're finished."</p>
<p>"We?"</p>
<p>"Millie is helping, too," Pansy said. "There she is." She waved the dark haired girl over and motioned for Rigel to make room for her on her other side.</p>
<p>She shifted toward the middle of the couch, feeling very much as though she'd walked into a trap she couldn't see yet. Millicent came armed with yet another stack of folders, which she arranged beside Pansy's. "Are we studying for something I'm not aware of?" Rigel asked, looking blankly at all the parchment before her.</p>
<p>"Yes and no," Pansy said, smiling serenely at her. "These are dossiers."</p>
<p>"Dossiers," Rigel repeated. "On… me?" Morgana, she hoped there didn't exist so much information on her in the world.</p>
<p>Millicent snorted. "On your <em>competition</em>, Rigel. Obviously."</p>
<p>"Obviously," she muttered, sighing. She was not going to have time to brew today after all. Not if she wanted to make it to Draco's dueling club later that afternoon as well.</p>
<p>"First up, the other purebloods. They are your biggest competition until the preliminaries are over. Victor Krum you've probably heard of, but don't think his Quidditch ability is the only thing going for him." Millicent pulled the file on top of her pile toward her and opened it. "This is a collection of his stats from last season. Ignoring the ones exclusive to Quidditch, his agility and reflexes are well above average, even for a professional Quidditch player. His training reports all note that Krum is absolutely ruthless when going after the snitch, so we can expect him to be pretty cutthroat in the tournament as well."</p>
<p>"How are you getting this information?" she asked, a bit alarmed. "And <em>when?</em> The participants were only announced last night."</p>
<p>"Here and there." Millicent shrugged. "A lot of it is public record. And we've been compiling information on the most likely candidates in each category since the committee began taking submissions."</p>
<p>"I thought the committee's process was confidential," Rigel said.</p>
<p>Millicent cleared her throat, but pointedly did not answer the unspoken question. "In any case, let's look at his academic performance now. Krum is quite gifted at Transfiguration and the Dark Arts, by all accounts. Don't look so alarmed," she added, seeing Rigel's uneasy face. "Dark Arts is what they call Defense Against the Dark Arts at Durmstrang. They do teach the theory and some practical uses of the Dark Arts to the upper years, but most of the curriculum is just like ours—familiarization and protection against it. Now, Krum is highly favored by his Headmaster, which is likely how he was selected as the Durmstrang representative. That said, his own family has a good deal of influence in Bulgarian politics as well. Got all that?"</p>
<p>Rigel must have nodded without realizing it, as Pansy was quick to move on.</p>
<p>"Next we have Feiyan Shang," Pansy said, picking up a file of her own. "You can read about each of them in more detail tonight, and we'll quiz you at breakfast tomorrow." That sounded like an awful use of her time, but Rigel knew better than to argue with Pansy while she was in the midst of an explanation. "Shang is arguably the most pureblooded candidate in the competition. She might have the purest blood in the country right now, in fact. It's difficult to say, because Chinese records any older than the Qin dynasty are notoriously difficult to verify. Her family claims to date back to the Shang dynasty, of the great Nuxiu's line, and rumor has it she may also be descendent from Qin Shi Huang himself on her mother's side."</p>
<p>Millicent broke in. "No one can prove that, of course, as the ancient wizard went into hiding after faking his death and his descendants lived in obscurity to protect the secrets of their magical heritage."</p>
<p>"Just so," Pansy agreed. "Still, she is not someone you want to offend. Her father is a public figure in the court of the Chinese high mystics. As to her personal skills, we don't know much. Chinese wizards tend to specialize in Herbology, Potions, Runes, and Alchemy, but we're still working to gather information on Shang's particular strengths. There is no established magical school for China, as families tend to train their own sons and daughters exclusively, so we're relying on Millie's international connections and certain other students with foreign affiliations for information on her."</p>
<p>"What about muggleborns?" Rigel asked, frowning. "Do they not get schooled?"</p>
<p>"There is some debate," Millicent said, grimacing back at her. "The Chinese claim there <em>are</em> no muggleborns in their country. Some scholars suspect that anyone discovered with magical ability in China who is not of the established lines is either adopted into one or made to… disappear. China is one of the few countries where the muggle government is not appraised of the existence of magic at all, so it's a lot harder to hold their wizards accountable for their interactions with the muggle community."</p>
<p>Rigel felt sickened. If that were true, it meant blood inequality was not only prevalent outside of Magical Britain, but <em>worse</em> in at least one place.</p>
<p>"As you know, the next candidate, Fleur Delacour, is one quarter Veela, which is why she was placed in the halfblood category instead of the pureblood. She is one of Beauxbatons' top students, and her motivations for entering likely rest on the promised world tour. She has repeatedly expressed the ambition to travel and learn other languages among her close friends."</p>
<p>"How do you <em>know</em> this?" Rigel asked again. "Pansy, tell me true: are you a Legilimens?"</p>
<p>"Legilimency is such a touch-and-go art," Pansy said airily. "People lie to themselves, too, you know. There is little information that careful questioning of multiple reliable sources can't confirm, however. Where was I? Delacour is particularly adept at Charms and Care of Magical Creatures, with a strong interest in Curses and Countercurses that is bolstered by a relatively high level of natural intelligence. Then there is her Veela Charm. It's weak, compared to a fully fledged Veela, but it <em>will</em> distract you if you let it."</p>
<p>"Noted." Rigel would keep her Occlumency strong in Delacour's vicinity.</p>
<p>"Now Matheus Sousa," Millicent said. She waggled her eyebrows. "It is currently unclear how he was selected for this competition. He had glowing recommendations in his application package, but according to a couple of witches I know at Castelobruxo, Sousa is persona non grata there. He's apparently quite gifted, but hardly attends classes. He's some kind of potions prodigy, to hear these two tell it, but they also say he's been repeatedly caught with contraband ingredients and is always causing trouble for the school. Still, you can expect him to be knowledgeable about Herbology and Potions, and he may be at an advantage in the first task, as his school is situated in the Amazon jungle, somewhere in the northern part of Brazil."</p>
<p>"The last halfblood is Antiope, born Aileen Ross, originally from Scotland," Pansy said, reading off the respective file. "Apparently, she's related to Professor McGonagall through the professor's maternal line. McGonagall's grandmother attended Chalcioecus and became one of the Athenai with the name Minerva. That name was passed down to our professor, though she declined to attend Chalcioecus herself. Antiope's school is on an unplottable acropolis in Laconia, and what we know for sure is it's all-female and emphasizes the manifestations of Athena in its teachings."</p>
<p>"Scholar, warrior, maiden," Rigel recited. "I can certainly see the warrior aspect. Antiope is very straightforward and quick to rise at any perceived slight."</p>
<p>"Yes, she's likely extremely competitive," Pansy agreed. "She'll be well-trained in Charms and Transfiguration, and her Dueling will be flawless. We've gathered that Chalcioecus doesn't focus on Arithmancy, Runes, or Alchemy, as those are viewed as male arts and largely emphasized in the equivalent all-boys school in Laconia."</p>
<p>"The competition may not test those subjects in any case," Rigel said thoughtfully. "Charms, Defense, Transfigurations—those are the showy fields, and people will expect the tasks to focus around them."</p>
<p>"True," Pansy allowed. "Now the muggleborns. Millie?"</p>
<p>Millicent frowned at the file in her hand. "Jacob Owens. The other candidates all submitted family trees back several generations at least, so that the tournament coordinators could verify blood status against public records, but he didn't submit anything for his family. I suppose they figured as a muggleborn it wasn't necessary. His grades are consistently good, extracurriculars an impressive mix of academic and athletic, and those who know him at school say he's well-liked and rather boring."</p>
<p>"So what's the problem?" Rigel asked, eyeing her unsatisfied expression.</p>
<p>"Boring people don't end up in international tournaments, generally," she said, scowling. "I just have a feeling he's too good to be true. I'll keep digging."</p>
<p>"Next is Hermione Granger—" Pansy began.</p>
<p>"Don't," Rigel said firmly. "She's a friend."</p>
<p>"Why should that matter?" Pansy asked, raising her eyebrows.</p>
<p>"It's a competition, Rigel," Millicent reminded her.</p>
<p>"Hermione isn't used to this sort of thing—politics and rumors and people digging into your background for no other reason than to better understand you. If she knew I was doing this, it would make her uncomfortable, and I care if she is uncomfortable."</p>
<p>Pansy's eyebrows managed to climb higher, but she put the file aside without another word and moved on. "The last one is Tahiil Diric Zahi from Majeerteen. At first we thought he was representing Uagadou, but he's not registered as a student there. Millie believes he's likely from one of the smaller villages within the Majeerteen Sultanate, but obviously not actually part of the Majeerteen Clan itself, or he would have received an invitation to Uagadou."</p>
<p>"It doesn't help that Somalis don't keep traditional records with family surnames," Millicent complained. "Just knowing that Tahiil's father's name was Diric and his grandfather's Zahi isn't enough to really pinpoint his origin. As far as abilities, though, he will have been trained by his village elders if any were magical. Otherwise, he'll be self-taught. It's strange that he'd even have heard about the tournament, not being affiliated with any major magical school and without apparent political connections to pass the word. We'll keep an eye on him as well, just in case."</p>
<p>The two girls looked at her expectantly, so Rigel said, "Thank you for putting all that together. I'm sure it was a lot of work, and I appreciate your help."</p>
<p>Pansy fixed her with stern look. "We <em>will</em> be quizzing you. Read the rest of it, Rigel."</p>
<p>She conjured a fabulously insincere smile. "At the very first opportunity."</p>
<p>Millicent laughed. "See, this is why you get sat down like a child and lectured to—because we <em>know</em> you won't read any of it on your own."</p>
<p>Rigel gave up a sheepish grin. "I am grateful to have friends who know me so well. I know you guys are working hard to help me succeed. Sorry if I don't seem appreciative."</p>
<p>"We don't need you to be appreciative," Pansy said, eyes fond. "We just want you to survive this tournament. We can't help you once you're out there in the forest, but we can help you prepare. Draco has already written his father this morning, demanding information on the upcoming tasks for you. Edmund is putting together a compendium of magical creatures used in past tournaments similar to this one. Blaise was looking secretive, but I know he's got an idea or two as well. The point is: you're not alone in this."</p>
<p>She felt a warmth in her chest like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. "Thank you," she said, wishing she knew how to convey the depth of her appreciation in a way that wasn't foolish.</p>
<p>Millicent rose, fanning herself sardonically. "Stop, Rigel. You're making me blush."</p>
<p>Rigel laughed. "It's a curse," she told the girl. She helped Pansy collect the stack of folders, but plucked Hermione's out and requested, "Burn this, please. I'm sorry you went to the trouble."</p>
<p>Pansy pursed her lips, but nodded, accepting the folder back while Rigel carried the rest of them toward her dorm room. Draco was sprawled on his four-poster, scrawling furiously on a piece of parchment, ink flying precariously close to his face.</p>
<p>"What did that essay ever do to you?" she asked, amused.</p>
<p>He looked up distractedly, and she saw there was indeed a drop of ink on his cheek. "It's a letter."</p>
<p>"Someone must have offended you grievously," Rigel remarked, eyeing the disheveled handwriting. "It looks like you poked through the parchment in several places."</p>
<p>Draco blinked and scanned the page, scowling. "Damn. I'll have to rewrite it." He pushed it aside with a sigh and stood with a stretch. "Pansy give you the rundown, then? She's been waiting all week for the announcement so she could impress you with her investigatory skills."</p>
<p>"Really?" Rigel frowned down at the folders she'd dumped on her bed. "I'm afraid I could have been less churlish about listening."</p>
<p>"She won't be offended," Draco said, waving off her guilt. "Pansy gets you."</p>
<p>Rigel sort of doubted that, but she did think it was sweet of her friend to try. Now that the folders were dealt with, she gathered her bag once more and was about to walk out of the dorm when Draco stopped her.</p>
<p>"You're not going to your lab now, are you?" He looked quite put out at the idea. "It's the first Dueling Club meeting today."</p>
<p>"I remember," Rigel said, adjusting the strap on her bag. "It isn't for another hour, right?"</p>
<p>"So you were going to brew a potion in the next forty-five minutes?" Draco's voice was dripping with sarcasm. "What are you working on? A Boil Cure?"</p>
<p>She made a face at him. "I was thinking I could at least get the cauldron treated and the ingredients set up—"</p>
<p>"Or you could come with me to set up for the meeting," Draco suggested. His eyes widened entreatingly and the hopeful smile on his face was pure, unregulated warfare.</p>
<p>Rigel felt her shoulders droop. Brewing would have to wait until that evening, it seemed. "Sure, Dray. What are you planning for this one?"</p>
<p>Draco's face was a picture of contentedness as he told her of his plans. He didn't seem entirely sure how many people were going to attend, which was one of the reasons he wanted to get there early. Chances were at least a few people would have trouble finding the place. That, at least, Rigel could help with.</p>
<p>She walked with her friend to the seventh floor, but told him to go ahead inside and get it set up while she watched the door. "I'll make sure no one gets in who shouldn't," she promised. "You gave them all a password, right?"</p>
<p>"Duck Agency," he said, a bit embarrassed. "It was Pansy's idea. Every week it'll be something innocuous or silly that D.A. could stand for."</p>
<p>"Duck Agency it is," Rigel said, smiling. "Do you think I can convince Ron he has to quack to get inside?"</p>
<p>Draco's eyes lit up with humor. "I'll give you a Sickle if you can." He disappeared into the Come and Go Room, and Rigel took up a station outside. She'd told Draco she was going to practice using her sensing ability to monitor anyone approaching, but in reality she wasn't skilled enough to tell the difference between individual people, yet, so she took out the Marauder's Map and let her eyes roam over the hallways around her.</p>
<p>The first to arrive was Pansy, of course, and she smiled at Rigel as she approached. "Has he worked himself into a nervous frenzy?" she asked.</p>
<p>"If he hasn't rearranged the room three times by now, that boy isn't Draco Malfoy," Rigel said. "Calm him down, won't you?"</p>
<p>"Don't ask me for miracles." Nevertheless Rigel knew Pansy would try.</p>
<p>The Weasleys arrived next, Ron apparently engaged in a furious argument with his older brothers over whether or not Draco was having him on.</p>
<p>"You can walk about all day, but we're telling you, Ron," Fred was saying quietly. </p>
<p>"There is no room in this corridor," George agreed. "We've been over every inch of this castle."</p>
<p>"Well, it doesn't hurt to look again," Ron said. He spotted Rigel loitering and broke into a jog. "Rigel! Tell these two that there really is a… <em>Duck Agency</em> up here."</p>
<p>Rigel gave her best mysterious smile. "Only if you say it in Duck."</p>
<p>"What?" Ron's face began to turn red. "Look, is this a joke or not?"</p>
<p>"Quack?" Rigel said, tilting her head in affected confusion. "Quack quack?"</p>
<p>"Uh…quack." Ron muttered weakly, looking entirely certain that he was being pranked.</p>
<p>"Right this way," Rigel said, stepping to the side and gesturing to the nondescript door behind her. The twins had caught up to their brother at this point, but had nothing to say as Ron pushed the door open and revealed the cavernous space beyond.</p>
<p>"Blimey. This is brilliant," he said, flashing Rigel a grin. He disappeared inside and Rigel turned expectant eyes on the other two.</p>
<p>"Are you here for the Duck Agency?" she asked, smiling at their dumbfounded confusion.</p>
<p>"This was not here before," Fred declared.</p>
<p>"Did you somehow conjure a new room inside Hogwarts?" George asked, staring at her.</p>
<p>"What? No. Why do people keep assuming…?" Rigel shook her head with a laugh. "This has been here all along. It's normally hidden, though."</p>
<p>Their faces cleared in understanding. "There's a password?" Fred said excitedly. "Or a secret action? Like the kitchens!"</p>
<p>"Almost," Rigel agreed. She leaned closer and lowered her voice. "I'll tell you the secret, if and only if you promise to use it well."</p>
<p>"We promise," George vowed, taking Fred's hand and placing it over his own heart. "Tell us, oh wise one."</p>
<p>"The room only comes to those who need it," Rigel revealed, quite enjoying herself. "If you have something you require, simply walk past this stretch of wall three times while thinking of what you need, and the Room of Requirement will appear with whatever it is."</p>
<p>Their eyes were like saucers. "It…<em>changes?</em>" George sucked in a breath. He and Fred exchanged a glance and they both exhaled. "Wicked."</p>
<p>She bowed them through the doors and resumed her monitoring of the map. Closer to the appointed time, regulars of last year's club began trickling toward her station. Some, particularly the older students like Rosier and Rookwood, were surprised by the presence of a room along a corridor they had walked before, but most simply shrugged it off as one of Hogwarts' eccentricities.</p>
<p>Neville brought Seamus Finnegan, Parvati Patil, and her sister, Padma. Angelina Johnson came with Alicia Spinnet, and Katie Bell brought Cormac McLaggen. Ginny came blazing down the hallway with a harried-looking Michael Corner at her heels, and Rigel couldn't tell exactly what the look the redhead shot her was supposed to convey, but she got the feeling she hadn't planned to bring the Ravenclaw boy. Also from Ravenclaw came Terry Boot and Anthony Goldstein, neither of which seemed entirely certain of their decision to be there as they hesitantly asked about the 'Duck Agency' meeting place.</p>
<p>Cedric Diggory came, accompanied by a skeptical looking Zacharias Smith and Ernie Macmillan. Susan Bones trailed behind them with a nervous Hannah Abbott. All five Hufflepuffs bid her good day, though she noted Smith and Macmillan were not wholly sincere. Diggory hung back and gave her a rueful smile when his housemates had gone through the door.</p>
<p>"Congratulations on being chosen for the tournament, Black," he said. He looked like he meant it, so she smiled and thanked him. "Sorry about the others," he added, ducking his head with a boyish charm. "They were rooting for me, but I've told them you're a good choice, too."</p>
<p>"It's quite all right," she assured him. "I didn't expect to have everyone's support. I'm only a fourth year, after all."</p>
<p>"Age isn't everything," Diggory disagreed. "Good luck."</p>
<p>She thanked him again, and he joined the others inside. She glanced down at the map, thinking that just about everyone she'd expected, and a few she hadn't, had already arrived. It was nearing the appointed hour, and she was considering leaving her post and asking the room to hide the door when she caught sight of Zhou several corridors over on the map, wandering somewhat aimlessly.</p>
<p>There was no one else nearby on the seventh floor, so Rigel took off at a brisk walk toward the older girl's location. She found her examining a tapestry with a frown. "Zhou," she called, waving the girl over. "Are you looking for the club?"</p>
<p>"Rigel!" She was openly relived. "Yes. I know you gave me directions, but I can't remember which tapestry I was looking for."</p>
<p>"I'll take you." Rigel led her back toward the Come and Go Room. "It's great you decided to come."</p>
<p>"I really do need the practice," Zhou murmured embarrassedly. "Thanks again for inviting me."</p>
<p>"You're welcome," Rigel said easily. When they reached the room, Rigel sent the Ravenclaw inside and checked the map one last time for any stragglers before slipping into the room and asking it to seal the door behind her.</p>
<p>Draco had created an open hall with a high ceiling. Stacks of cushions stood next to a teaching dummy in the middle of the floor, and the students who'd come to the meeting stood in a loose circle around her friend. Rigel raised her hand and gave him the thumbs up to signal that everyone was present, then joined the circle unobtrusively and watched Draco take charge of the room.</p>
<p>"Now that we're all here, welcome to the Dueling Association. If you've been invited to this meeting, you're either a member of last year's club that was unfortunately disbanded or you've expressed an interest in extracurricular Dueling practice." Draco looked around the room with appraising eyes. "To be perfectly clear, this club is not official, and, if the faculty gets wind of it, will be banned in a heartbeat, so I'm asking everyone here to sign this parchment before we begin." He held up a roll of parchment so everyone could see. "This is a binding agreement to keep the location and existence of this club a secret unless given permission by myself, Pansy Parkinson, or Rigel Black to divulge it. Everyone will sign it before leaving this room, regardless of whether or not you intend to continue attending club meetings in the future."</p>
<p>There were a few grumbling complaints, but Draco cut them off.</p>
<p>"You were all made aware of this stipulation when you were invited to the club, so there's no use complaining now," he said loudly. "Line up and sign, then we will begin."</p>
<p>The Weasley Twins were the first in line. At Draco's raised eyebrow, George shrugged. "Seeing this place, we totally understand why you want it kept secret. Signing this is well worth learning such a useful secret about the castle."</p>
<p>Their argument proved persuasive, as the others all proceeded to sign the parchment with more or less good grace.</p>
<p>Draco handed the parchment off to Pansy, who tucked it away. "Great," he said, clapping his hands. "For those of you who were with us last year, you know we usually start with stretching and agility drills, then footwork patterns, and finally practice duels. Since there are so many new faces, however, we're going to split the group in half. Experienced duelers who know the basic footwork and are familiar with at least a few structured spell combinations, to this side of the hall; beginners and those less confident in their skills, to the other."</p>
<p>The students began to sort themselves, though there were more among the two dozen or so who self-identified as advanced than there were beginners. Seeing this, Draco grimaced. "All right, those of you in the advanced group who weren't part of the club last year, speak to Ron Weasley about your level of experience. He'll determine which group you start in. Pansy, you're with the beginners. Go easy on them."</p>
<p>Pansy smiled angelically, and Rigel could see the exact moment several newcomers decided to underestimate her. She almost felt sorry for the fools. Almost. Rigel stayed with the advanced group while Draco outlined his plan for the first term. "The idea is to holistically improve everyone's dueling. To do this, I'm going to be evaluating you for the first few meetings based on random pairings. Once I have a good grasp of strengths and weaknesses, I'll determine the matches going forward in order to force people into confronting styles they aren't as comfortable with. Each meeting, we'll learn a new technique, footwork pattern, or spell and I'll ask you to apply it in your duels. If there is anything in particular you want to learn, bring it to me before or after the session and I'll do my best to work it in. Any questions so far?"</p>
<p>"What qualifies you to teach the club?" Diggory asked. His face was friendly, but his eyes flickered to the back of Macmillan's head as he said it, which told Rigel he was probably asking the question on everyone's mind before the younger Hufflepuff could make a snide remark about it.</p>
<p>"In addition to scoring top in my year in last year's Dueling class, I spent all of last year running the club and most of the summer devising lesson plans and studying advanced dueling techniques from around the world." Draco's voice was even as he said this, not irritated or haughty in the least, and Rigel had to be proud of her friend. He'd come a long way from the boy who had provoked Ron into shooting a jelly-brains jinx at him in first year.</p>
<p>"I can vouch for his ability," Rookwood offered. "We improved a lot last year under Draco's tutelage."</p>
<p>Draco kept his expression blank, but the flush of color along his collar betrayed his embarrassed pleasure at the praise. He really could be rather self-conscious, for someone who acted so self-assured, she reflected.</p>
<p>"Excellent," Diggory said cheerfully. "I retract my question and look forward to learning from you."</p>
<p>"Anyone else? No? We'll get started then. Ron, have you got them sorted?" Draco looked to the tall redhead who had his arms folded stubbornly as he stared down his housemate, Cormac McLaggen.</p>
<p>"McLaggen was just about to join the other group." Ron's face was set, but McLaggen seemed to have no intention of doing any such thing.</p>
<p>"I'm not a beginner," he insisted. "Just because I didn't take the class or join your club last year, doesn't mean I don't know anything about dueling. I went to Dueling Camp when I was twelve."</p>
<p>"You need a proper refresher before jumping into the advanced group," Ron told him. "You can move back as soon as Parkinson says so. This is necessary so you don't end up injured, all right?"</p>
<p>"What if I beat Parkinson in a duel?" the older boy demanded. "Then can I stay in this group?"</p>
<p>"Mate, <em>I</em> can barely beat Parkinson in a duel," Ron said, shaking his head. "Trust me, you do not want to do that."</p>
<p>"It doesn't sound like any of you fourth years are qualified to teach this club. Why don't we take a vote and let one of the seventh years take over?" McLaggen looked around for support, but even the newcomers appeared unsure.</p>
<p>"You don't have to stay, McLaggen," Aldon drawled. "And you certainly weren't invited here to insult our club president."</p>
<p>"That's all right, Aldon," Draco said, looking resigned. "Why don't we have a little demonstration, to ease McLaggen's mind?"</p>
<p>"I'm up for it," McLaggen declared.</p>
<p>"No, I wouldn't duel a beginner," Draco said archly. "It wouldn't be fair. I'll duel Ron. Or Pansy if you like. Since you questioned both of their abilities."</p>
<p>McLaggen scowled, but didn't say anything. Perhaps he realized he'd dug himself into an uncomfortable position.</p>
<p>"Duel Black," Zacharias Smith said loudly.</p>
<p>"I'm not an instructor," Rigel protested.</p>
<p>"Black is the Hogwarts champion, right? I'm sure a lot of us are curious as to what he's capable of," Smith reasoned. "And he's in the advanced group, so it should be no trouble for your conscience, Malfoy."</p>
<p>Rigel waited for Draco to refuse, but instead found him looking consideringly at her. She widened her eyes in a mild glare, lest he have any doubts as to her willingness to participate. While he was thinking, other people chimed in.</p>
<p>"I'd watch that!"</p>
<p>"Let's see the champion duel!"</p>
<p>They'd caught the attention of the beginner's group, too, and now Pansy had come over to see what was going on. "Rigel, Draco, are you dueling?"</p>
<p>"Mr. McLaggen has requested a demonstration of my ability to run this club," Draco informed her.</p>
<p>"Well, there's no better test than a duel with Rigel," Pansy said slowly. "He's by far the trickiest of the group."</p>
<p>"Thanks, Pan." Rigel sighed. There didn't seem to be any getting out of it, with Pansy and Draco in agreement. She stretched her arms out as the students backed away from the center of the hall to give them space. She hadn't dueled Draco since the previous spring. He'd spent the entire summer practicing—but then, so had she. If she could remember not to use any of her freedueling tricks, she would surprise him.</p>
<p>Ron stood as mediator, and when Rigel and Draco had exchanged formal bows, he called for them to begin.</p>
<p>Draco sprang backwards, but Rigel darted forward just as fast. Her friend was more comfortable with a ranged exchange, so she would take the duel to close quarters as often as possible. He spun on perfect footwork around her first spell, but she'd anticipated and already sent a silent Incarcerous to the side after him.</p>
<p>The blond boy muttered a severing curse without pausing, and his unhesitant steps took him directly behind her. Rigel pivoted and raised a shield between them just in time for it to intercept Draco's stunner. She dropped it as soon as the spell dissipated and ran forward after Draco's retreating form. He shot two Relashios in an effort to slow her advance, and Rigel darted in a quick zigzag to avoid them. Draco's next spell came at her feet—a tripping jinx—but Rigel launched herself over it in an athletic leap that would bring her within three paces of her opponent. At the apex of her jump, she overpowered a Lumos directly into Draco's face.</p>
<p>He swore and rolled to the side to avoid her follow-up stunner while blindly erecting a shield between them. He held it while wiping at his eyes with his non-dominant hand. Rigel repositioned herself patiently, slowly stalking in a circle around him, and she heard someone mutter, "Merlin's teats, that was fast" from their audience.</p>
<p>Draco shook his head, blinking quickly. "That was cruel, Rigel."</p>
<p>"Buck up, Dray. We're just getting started," she said with a small smile. She knew her friend could do better. Quick as a snake, Draco shot a Reducto so powerful it blasted <em>through</em> his own shield before continuing toward her in a dark cloud of sheer destruction. Narrowing her eyes, Rigel charged toward it while projecting a Fortis before her like a battering ram. The Reducto parted like water against her shield, and she saw Draco's eyes widen as he leapt sideways to avoid being knocked backward. Rigel thrust her wand hand forward as she dove after him. She rolled on her back and shoulders, and the Fortis rolled with her.</p>
<p>Draco wasn't fast enough to escape the Bubble of Doom, and the force of her sideways momentum knocked him to the ground. A smattering of shocked laughter broke out around them, but Rigel was too intent on pressing her advantage to enjoy it. She broke the Fortis and fired off three stunners in quick succession. She'd been working with Snape to shave off wand movements, so her spells came faster than ever, but Draco's reflexes had improved, too. He blocked the first two and rolled backwards to avoid the third, springing off the ground with one hand and regaining his feet to a round of spontaneous applause from the spectators.</p>
<p>"You've been practicing your floor work," she commented.</p>
<p>Draco's answer was a Flipendo that Rigel had to bat out of her way with a quick Relashio. He went on the offensive with a series of fast spells, and Rigel was pleased to see Draco's repertoire had expanded in the last few months. Among the ordinary dueling spells to disable he sprinkled charms to distract and hinder. A blast of wind from a concentrated weather charm pushed Rigel backwards several feet before she dispersed it with a Ventus cast in counter-rotation. He used her momentary delay to conjure two paper crows and set them on her with Oppungo.</p>
<p>"Incendio!" She met the birds midway with fire and followed it up with a second, "Incendio," before their ashes hit the floor. At least, she <em>said</em> Incendio. Her wand was actually casting an overpowered Flagrate, however, and while a line of fire arched through the air toward Draco, the marking spell wouldn't really hurt him.</p>
<p>Draco didn't recognize the difference in time. His ears heard 'Incendio' and he was casting Aguamenti automatically before he could help himself. Her Freezing Charm met the water on the ground, and an "Accio Draco," was all it took to force her friend forward into it. His feet couldn't find purchase on the ice to resist the Summoning Charm, and he came slipping toward her, right through the line of harmless fire still hanging in the air. Off balance, he shielded instead of attacking, and that was his undoing.</p>
<p>Rigel hit him with a Weightless Charm that attached itself to his shield instead of dispersing against it—only a Depasco could stop a Weightless Charm from taking effect. Her follow-up Flipendo sent Draco shooting upwards like a balloon—up, up he flew until his shield nudged the ceiling and his momentum reversed. He glared down at her from his gently descending bubble, clearly tempted to drop his shield to get rid of the Weightless Charm and risk a nasty fall to the ground.</p>
<p>"Don't do it, Draco," she called, stalking slowly toward him. "I'll stun you as soon as the shield is gone, and I won't cushion your fall."</p>
<p>"Pansy will," he called back, arms folded.</p>
<p>"Interference will cost you the match anyway," Rigel said. She was nearly beneath the agonizingly slow-falling boy-balloon now, and it was the work of few moments to apply a Sticking Charm to the floor where he would land. Draco's shield charm carried him almost lovingly into her trap, which held him fast even as he finally let go of his shield. He tried to get a few more spells off, but with nowhere to maneuver, he was easy to overpower. She caught him with a Petrificus Totalus and disarmed him neatly.</p>
<p>"Winner, Rigel Black," Ron declared, somewhat unnecessarily. The applause was raucous, and most of the students seemed impressed and excited. Good, she thought. They ought to leave Draco be, now. "Good match, you two," Ron added as she returned Draco's wand and they shook hands. "You could have let Draco win, though."</p>
<p>"He'd never forgive me," Rigel said, smiling apologetically at her friend.</p>
<p>Draco shrugged. "I knew when I agreed to the duel that you would beat me."</p>
<p>"Why not duel one of us, then?" Ron asked. "I thought you were trying to prove your leadership."</p>
<p>"A good leader isn't afraid to lose in front of his subordinates," Draco said, tilting his nose up in affected arrogance. After a moment, he broke into a smile. "Also, it was more important for people to believe in Rigel than for them to respect me. Rigel is Hogwarts' champion, after all. This was an opportunity too good to pass up."</p>
<p>Rigel rolled her eyes. "Not you, too. Soon I'll have an entire team of self-appointed public relations experts."</p>
<p>"Draco is correct," Pansy said, joining their huddle. "A lot more of them will support you in the tournament, now. Good job, you two."</p>
<p>"I had no idea you could use the Fortis like a bludgeon," Ron said. "You'll have to teach us that one."</p>
<p>Rigel was about to agree, when a frisson of awareness behind her caught her attention entirely. She snapped her left wrist and palmed the knife in her sleeve, smoothly raising it in the same motion to block the spell that had been shot at her back without looking. All conversation stopped as Rigel slowly turned her head to see Fred staring at her with wide eyes.</p>
<p>"Uh…It was only a Glow Charm," the redhead stammered. "To make you look saint-like. George bet me you wouldn't block it, and I thought it would be funny…" He trailed off uncomfortably.</p>
<p>Rigel looked down at her now-glowing knife and smiled, shaking off her tension. "No worries. I hope you didn't bet anything big, George."</p>
<p>George shook his head with an amazed whistle. "I wasn't that sure you'd miss it. Some reflexes, Rigel."</p>
<p>She grinned. Her sensing ability <em>had</em> been coming along of late. She was almost ready to begin free brewing, but had to keep it up unconsciously for an entire week before Snape would be satisfied. She could feel all the magic in the room, even though she couldn't quite distinguish between individual people or spells unless she concentrated hard.</p>
<p>"Rigel, why are you carrying that?" Pansy said, frowning. "If you use it in the tournament during a duel, you'll be disqualified."</p>
<p>"Better disqualified than dead," she said reasonably. "Anyway, the duel was over at that point."</p>
<p>"Still," Draco said, eyeing the knife thoughtfully, "I'll ask my father about procuring some gauntlets for you. They're considered defensive, so they should be allowed."</p>
<p>"My knife <em>is</em> defensive," she offered. Not one of her friends seemed impressed with that logic. She tucked it away, and looked around. Some of her classmates had alarmed expressions on their faces, but mostly they just seemed intrigued. She suppressed a sigh.</p>
<p>Diggory was the first to break the awkward silence that had fallen over the room. "Well, I for one am ready to learn some Dueling. Satisfied McLaggen?"</p>
<p>"They seem to have some idea what they're doing," the Gryffindor boy said, shrugging. "Let's get on with it, then."</p>
<p>"If that isn't a glowing 'thank you for the demonstration, Malfoy,' I doubt I've ever heard one," Diggory said happily.</p>
<p>Draco snorted. "All right. Beginners back to Pansy. You're going to start with the Colouris exercises, and no more arguments. Nobody gets good at dueling overnight. Advanced group—get stretching."</p>
<p>Rigel rolled her shoulders and winced as a bruise made itself known on her back. She must have landed harder than she realized when she was rolling. She poked at it gingerly. A tap on her shoulder made her look over to see Zhou standing hesitantly beside her.</p>
<p>"Did you injure yourself? I can heal it, if you like," the dark haired girl offered.</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. "It's just a bruise, I think. I'll get to it later."</p>
<p>"It's harder to heal your own back," Zhou pointed out. At Rigel's reluctant expression, she added, "It won't take but a minute. I can do it right through your robes."</p>
<p>"Thanks, Zhou," she said quietly. "I don't think it's serious, though. I appreciate the offer."</p>
<p>"Oh, all right." The Ravenclaw smiled weakly and headed back over to the beginner's group, where Pansy was explaining the Colouris-Eradere game they would be focusing on for a few meetings.</p>
<p>"Why did you invite her?" Draco asked. He eyed the back of Zhou's head with dislike as he rotated his ankles one after the other.</p>
<p>Rigel frowned at him. "She needs extra practice in Defense, and you have to admit having another Healer around is a good precaution. With the tournament, I won't be able to make every meeting. Zhou is a good Healer."</p>
<p>"<em>Zhou?</em>" Draco scowled. "Is that some kind of pet name?"</p>
<p>"What? No. It's how she says her name, that's all," Rigel told him. She wondered why he was so annoyed at the girl's presence. She wasn't the only new face by any stretch. "Give her a chance. You were skeptical about Ron, too, at first. Now he's your best sounding board, isn't he?"</p>
<p>"This isn't about Ron," Draco grumbled. He left the topic alone, though, and went on with his stretches in silence.</p>
<p>Rigel mentally shrugged off his peculiar irritation. He was probably still a bit sore that she'd beat him in the duel. As Draco walked the group through their first combination, she combed over the duel in her mind, mentally noting where she would have done something different if she'd had more time to consider her reactions. All in all, she was impressed with Draco and not too disappointed in her return to formal dueling in light of her summer focused on free dueling. Granted, a couple of those moves hadn't been <em>strictly</em> in the realm of traditional formal dueling, but she hadn't bent the rules too far. At least no one could say her style wasn't unique.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Toward the end of the first week in November, Rigel ran into Hermione Granger in the dungeons, of all places. The curly-haired girl seemed to be cutting haphazardly across the less used corridors, and if Rigel wasn't on her way back from her lab she doubted anyone would have come across the girl.</p>
<p>"Lost or exploring?" Rigel asked, smiling as Hermione whirled and let out an exasperated sigh.</p>
<p>"You shouldn't sneak up on people," she admonished, tossing her curly hair back from her face in an irritated motion. "As it happens, I am lost. I'm looking for the Library. I asked someone near the Entrance Hall for directions, but I'm beginning to suspect he lied to me."</p>
<p>Seeing as she was in the dungeons, Rigel was inclined to agree. "I'll take you," she said. "Sorry if some of my schoolmates aren't being hospitable."</p>
<p>"It's to be expected," she said evenly. After the barest of hesitations, she fell into step beside Rigel. "Thank you for showing me the right way. What were you doing down here?"</p>
<p>"The Slytherin common room isn't far from here," Rigel told her. "I have a private lab that I use for extracurricular research, as well, and it's just back that way."</p>
<p>"The school lets you brew unsupervised?" Hermione's eyebrows shot up. "That would never happen at AIM."</p>
<p>"Professor Snape makes an exception for me, as I've been excused from regular Potions lessons," she explained.</p>
<p>"Harry did say you were quite gifted at Potions as well," Hermione murmured. "I hear Professor Snape is a world renowned Potions Master, so I suppose he would recognize talent when he sees it. I was thinking of attending a few of his classes, but I'm not sure how our syllabi compare in that subject. I may be behind the other fourth years."</p>
<p>"To be honest, I wouldn't attend Potions class here if I were you," Rigel said, a smile tugging at her lips. "Professor Snape <em>is</em> world class, but he isn't exactly friendly. You'd learn more reading his work for publication rather than sitting through his classes. Mostly he spends them trying to prevent the students from blowing themselves up."</p>
<p>"That's a rather harsh denouncement of your classmates' ability," Hermione commented, sounding disappointed.</p>
<p>"Not at all." Rigel smiled reassuringly. "My classmates are perfectly average in Potions. The curriculum here includes a great many more temperamental brews than are taught at other schools, however. Snape thinks the most important thing to teach people who probably won't be brewing potions for a living is how dangerous potions are, so they don't accidentally hurt themselves later in life trying something unfamiliar. Did you know that since he's been the Potions Master here, the average rate of potions-related deaths in magical Britain as a whole has gone down? Specifically in adults who attended Hogwarts after 1981."</p>
<p>Hermione looked amused. "You admire him greatly."</p>
<p>"I do," she admitted. "He's my mentor, but more than that, he's an exceptional academic in a number of fields. I'd be happy to recommend some of his best articles if you have the time to read them."</p>
<p>"I'd appreciate it," Hermione agreed, looking cheered at the prospect. "If Potions wouldn't be helpful, what classes should I attend? I was thinking History would be interesting, as I don't doubt a different perspective is offered at an all-pureblood school like this one."</p>
<p>Rigel winced. "History might not be a great subject, either. It's taught by a ghost, currently, and he rarely strays from the textbooks that were assigned to the course when he died."</p>
<p>Hermione looked vaguely horrified. "You don't learn any modern history?"</p>
<p>"Most of the old families emphasize history pre-Hogwarts," Rigel said, shrugging. "And the OWLs are dated enough that it doesn't really impact test scores. If you're looking to get the most out of classes here, I recommend Transfiguration and Charms. McGonagall, the Transfiguration professor, was trained by Dumbledore himself. She's an Animagus, you know."</p>
<p>"Really? I've never met one," Hermione said, eyes wide. "I'd very much like to meet her. And Charms, you said?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded. "Flitwick was a dueling champion in his day, and most of his ability in that arena has to do with his complete mastery of Charms. Another good one might be Defense, since you're in the tournament and all. Professor Dawlish is an Auror, and he has a habit of shooting sudden spells at his students to hone our reflexes—and to make sure we're paying attention."</p>
<p>Hermione grimaced. "That sounds… instructive."</p>
<p>"It's more harrowing than anything, but I have noticed an improvement in my reaction time over the past month. What else?" Rigel thought aloud as they climbed the main staircase. "The Healing class will be open to you, of course. Madam Pomfrey would love to have you. The fifth year class meets Friday mornings, so you should come then. Do you take Runes or Arithmancy? Magical Creatures or Divination?"</p>
<p>"I've looked into Runes and Arithmancy on my own," Hermione said, "But the Healing track doesn't allow a lot of time for unrelated extracurriculars."</p>
<p>"You might try those, then," Rigel suggested. "I can give you the notes from last year if you want to attend the fourth year lessons with us. I don't take Creatures myself, but I've heard the professor this year is very knowledgeable. There are a lot of unique resources at Hogwarts, so don't hesitate to take advantage of them."</p>
<p>"I was looking forward to seeing the Library," Hermione admitted, smiling sheepishly. "It's supposed to be the best collection in Europe."</p>
<p>"That is what anyone who attended Hogwarts will tell you," Rigel said with a laugh. "I'll let you decide for yourself. Here we are."</p>
<p>She gestured to the large doorway and Hermione beamed at the sight of the brass sign hanging above it. "Thank you! Do I need a card to check out a book?"</p>
<p>Rigel shook her head. "I'll show you how to sign one out. Madam Pince is the Librarian, and she inspects every book that goes in or out, so don't ever damage one if you value your life."</p>
<p>Hermione looked vaguely offended. "As if I would."</p>
<p>Rigel led her into the Library and gave her a short tour of the different sections. Then she took out a spare piece of parchment and sketched a quick map for the girl. "This is the best route from your rooms," she said, drawing an arrowed path. She added the Great Hall, the Transfiguration, Defense, and Charms classrooms, and the Hospital Wing for good measure. She handed it over, saying, "If you ever need anything, stop someone in a green tie and tell them Rigel Black asked to see you. They'll find me for you without much fuss. If you're really interested in the pureblood perspective on modern history, I recommend simply asking people. The ones in blue ties are Ravenclaws—house of the intelligent and curious. Your average Ravenclaw is always up for a solid academic discussion."</p>
<p>Hermione's smile was small, but clearly heartfelt. "Thank you, Rigel. You've been a great host."</p>
<p>"It's no trouble at all," she assured the girl. "I'll see you around."</p>
<p>Rigel left the Library with a feeling of satisfaction. Archie would be pleased with her for looking after his friend. She would subtly inquire as to who had tried to trick Hermione into traversing the dungeons alone, as well. That sort of prank was likely just petty mischief, but given certain Slytherin inclinations in regards to muggleborns, it could have gone much worse for the girl if someone else had found her first.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>She only had two weeks to prepare for the first task, and by Thursday evening she thought she ought to at least go down to the Forbidden Forest and practice acclimating her senses to it again. Now, more than ever, it was vital that she get past what had happened to her there.</p>
<p>Rigel approached the forest as the sun was just beginning to sink below the treetops. The dark wood seemed to reach out toward her even as she moved toward it, touching some part of her soul that sent a shiver down her spine. She gritted her teeth against the feeling. <em>I am not afraid of a dead man,</em> she told herself firmly. <em>Peter Pettigrew can't hurt anyone now.</em></p>
<p>When she reached the outermost trees themselves, however, she found her feet unable to carry her further. At first, she thought unbiddable panic had clawed its way into her , but soon realized the problem was not in her mind, after all. An invisible barrier preventing her from moving any further had somehow been erected at the edge of the woods. She stretched out a hand along it, searching for an edge that would indicate a localized shield, but the barrier met her in every direction. A ward, then.</p>
<p>"They won't let anyone in," an accented voice drifted toward her through the fading light. She cast out her sphere of magical awareness warily and sensed a presence moving toward her along the tree line. A few moments later, she saw Matheus Sousa strolling in the shadows, one hand trailing along the invisible ward and the other tucked into his pocket. He stopped beside her with a wry grin. "They don't want us looking."</p>
<p>Rigel had to admit it made sense. The tournament organizers wouldn't like anyone seeing what they'd prepared before the night of the task. "We're to go in blind, then," she remarked, sighing. "I don't like surprises."</p>
<p>"Surprises, I don't mind," Sousa said, eyeing the forest through his shaggy hair with something like wistfulness. "I came to get some <em>Salvia</em>. It grows here, no?"</p>
<p>She blinked. Salvia was a species of mint that could mean many things, from common sage to chia, but most of it wasn't native to Scotland. "I suppose it could, but you would have had to go fairly far into the forest to find it. I've never seen any."</p>
<p>"Ah." His handsome face closed in disappointment and he ran a hand through his thick, dark hair. "I will look another place."</p>
<p>He started to walk away, but Rigel said, "Wait. I probably have a little, if you want it."</p>
<p>Sousa's eyebrows rose. "Really?"</p>
<p>She rummaged into her bag for her potions kit. "What type of Salvia are you looking for? Clary? Danshen?"</p>
<p>"Not sure the English name," Sousa said, cocking his head at her with interest as she found the correct sub-compartment in her kit. "Very tall plant, with big, green leaves. Not many flowers. Used for seeing… seeing things."</p>
<p>"Salvia Divinorum?" she guessed. That was the only type of sage she knew to be used in Scrying Potions. "I have that." She pulled it out of the undetectably expanded compartment and examined the bundle closely. "I bought this a while ago, but it looks all right."</p>
<p>She passed it to him and a crooked smile overtook Sousa's face. "You always have plants in your pocket?"</p>
<p>Rigel secured her kit once more with a slightly embarrassed grimace. "I'm a potioneer, and I've learned it pays to be prepared. Are you going to brew some kind of Seer's Solution for the task?" She had heard that such brews were useful for opening the inner eye, but she'd never tried it herself.</p>
<p>"Something like that," Sousa said, looking amused at her still. "Thank you, Mr. Black."</p>
<p>She let out a laugh at that. "Just Rigel is fine. Good luck in the first task, Mr. Sousa."</p>
<p>"Matheus, please, and good luck to you," he said, bowing smoothly to her before heading back toward the castle.</p>
<p>When he'd gone a fair distance, Rigel called, <em>"Treessslider? Isss that you?"</em> She'd felt what she thought was her friend waiting within the sphere of her sensing ability for most of her conversation with Sousa.</p>
<p>"<em>The ssstranger is gone, Ssspeaker?" </em></p>
<p>"<em>Yesss, thank you for waiting,"</em> she said, smiling when the snake wiggled right up to the barrier and bumped against it agitatedly. <em>"You can't get out either?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>I am trapped here with all the othersss,"</em> Treeslider complained. <em>"How will you give me a moussse?"</em></p>
<p>His priorities never ceased to amuse her. Still, he was right. She couldn't give him the one she'd brought. "<em>How would you like a live moussse thisss time?"</em></p>
<p>Treeslider expressed great interest in that idea, so Rigel took out her wand and whispered, "Accio mouse." She didn't put much power behind the spell, but several mice still zoomed out of the forest and bounced against the barrier between her and the trees. Treeslider was quick to neutralize them before the mice regained their wits, and the green snake chortled in a satisfied hiss over his spoils.</p>
<p>"<em>Ssspeaker isss too kind,"</em> he said gleefully.</p>
<p>She favored him with an indulgent smile. <em>"You mentioned 'othersss' before. Ssso there are new inhabitantsss in the foressst?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>Many new creaturesss,"</em> Treeslider agreed. <em>"And trapsss. Metal and magic, ensssnaring thossse that ssstray too clossse."</em></p>
<p>That was interesting. <em>"Can you tell me what kind of creatures?"</em> she asked, a slow smirk blooming across her face. She really did hate surprises.</p>
<p>The snake hissed in wordless agreement as his coils tightened around his dinner. <em>"I have ssseen a manticore, two sssnallygastersss, a quintaped, and sssmelled a troll,"</em> Treeslider told her. <em>"The ssstupid runessspoors ssspeak of Sssphinx and Chimera. Ssseveral ssspidersss are alssso trapped, and the thessstralsss, too. Then there isss the dragon." </em></p>
<p>"<em>A dragon?"</em> Rigel found herself releasing a wordless hiss of frustration. She did not want to face another dragon in this lifetime. <em>"Did you sssee what kind?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>Sssmall and fassst,"</em> the snake revealed. <em>"And rude."</em></p>
<p>"<em>Naturally,"</em> she said on a sigh. <em>"Thank you, Treessslider. You've been a great help to me."</em></p>
<p>"<em>Always pleasssed to help, Ssspeaker." </em></p>
<p>She considered the snake, an idea forming. <em>"Would you mind helping me again sssoon?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>Of courssse."</em> The snake looked up at her with something like interest in its bulbous eyes.</p>
<p>"<em>On the next full moon, meet me near the treeline. There will be othersss around, but do not be afraid to approach me. I will need your help navigating the foressst that night."</em> Rigel spoke slowly so that the snake would understand and remember. "<em>Until then, watch and lisssten to all happeningsss inssside thisss barrier. Sssniff out the trapsss you ssspoke of and remember their location.</em> <em>Take note of any new creaturesss and remember. Can you do that for me?"</em></p>
<p>"<em>Yesss, Ssspeaker. I will be your eyesss and earsss,"</em> Treeslider said gravely. <em>"When you come on the full moon I will ssseek you and assssissst."</em></p>
<p>"<em>You will not hunger for miccce asss long asss I ressside here,</em>" she vowed. Rigel couldn't help but feel a sense of satisfied accomplishment as she bade farewell to the snake and made her way back to the castle. It was a little unfair of her to have an early advantage in the task, but she had promised to do her best, and that meant using all resources available to her, didn't it? Treeslider would be useful in more than one way, she mused. His presence might just be the steadying reassurance that kept her from having a breakdown in the middle of the forest. Surrounded by dangerous creatures. At night. Rigel grimaced. Perhaps she would brew a potion to help her see in the dark. Snape would likely have a good recipe, and if not…well, she hadn't taken her invisibility cloak to the restricted section for some time.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The week before the first task found her in lab three once more, but Snape was not interested in brewing with her. All of his attention was on the upcoming task, and none of Rigel's assurances that she had it in hand made an impact on his single-minded focus.</p>
<p>"If you die in this task it won't <em>matter</em> if I teach you to freebrew," he snapped at her when she complained that she didn't want to go over physical shields again.</p>
<p>"If I die without learning to freebrew I shall haunt you without mercy," she muttered with a sullen scowl. She was supposed to be learning <em>potions</em> from her mentor, not the various viable shields recommended when faced with an Acromantula.</p>
<p>"Do <em>not</em> take this lightly," Snape insisted. "What shield will hold against the fist of a forest troll?"</p>
<p>"None of them for long," she said. Trolls were incredibly strong, and it was always better to simply out-run one or trick it somehow.</p>
<p>"And a quintaped?" her Head of House pressed.</p>
<p>Rigel blinked, then frowned. "What makes you think there would be a quintaped in the forest?" Struck by suspicion, she cast her mind over the creatures Snape had mentioned in the last hour. A Manticore, a chimera, and a thestral had all come up in his 'comprehensive overview.' He <em>knew</em>, she realized with incredulous annoyance. Somehow, Snape knew what the creatures in the forest were. "Did Riddle tell you to cover these creatures with me?" she demanded, outrage dawning slowly.</p>
<p>Snape's eyebrow rose with slow contempt. "Why would you imagine such a thing?</p>
<p>"Maybe because everything you've gone over with me is a recent addition to the closed off portion of the Forbidden Forest," she said, drawing herself to her full height. It wasn't enough to come close to Snape's height, but it gave wind to her indignation. "You're <em>cheating</em> for him!"</p>
<p>To her surprise, her professor merely smiled at her accusation. "So you've discovered the information for yourself? Good, then there's no need for pretense. We must prepare you for an encounter with each potential creature."</p>
<p>Rigel knew her face was mutinous. "I don't need Riddle to spoon feed me," she growled. "Did it not occur to you two that I could do this on my own?"</p>
<p>Snape sneered at her. "It matters not how you survive, only that you do, Rigel. I will see you prepared."</p>
<p>"It isn't fair to the others," she protested. It was a weak argument. The tournament would never be fair, and all of it would be for nothing if she didn't win, regardless of how it pricked her pride and her conscience to accept the sort of help Snape offered.</p>
<p>"All staff members have been instructed to assist any candidate who asks them. Minerva for one has already taken the Athenei and the muggleborn girl under her wing," Snape informed her. "As you've managed to come by information on the forests' newly resident population honestly, I fail to see a difference in my preparing you for the very real eventualities you are to face."</p>
<p>Rigel's frown remained, but she felt a sigh escape her. If Snape was right, the others were getting help, too, and no matter Riddle's intentions, she had discovered which creatures she'd have to deal with on her own. It would be the height of foolish obstinacy to refuse her Head of House's help at this point. "Fine." She ran a hand through her bangs agitatedly. "I'm mostly worried about the dragon, to be honest, so tell me how I should go about defeating a Peruvian Vipertooth."</p>
<p>"A <em>what?</em>" Snape's already chalky complexion whitened further.</p>
<p>It was Rigel's turn to raise her eyebrows at him. "So Riddle didn't tell you everything." She didn't believe for a moment that Treeslider could be mistaken about the presence of a dragon in the forest. "In addition to the ones you've already mentioned, there's the dragon, two snallygasters, and at least one Sphinx. Plus several traps, the nature of which I am not certain."</p>
<p>The potions master swore darkly. "Snallygasters have impenetrable hides and their talons will slice through almost anything. If you see one, I suggest you distract it—they're unhesitantly inquisitive."</p>
<p>"And the dragon?" Rigel reminded him. "A venomous dragon, at that?"</p>
<p>"Avoid it at all costs," Snape said lowly. His eyes burned with anger and something like worry, she thought. It softened her annoyance. "Even you cannot hold a shield against dragon fire indefinitely."</p>
<p>That was heartening. Not that she wasn't aware of that fact after her encounter the previous year. "Do you think the Ministry would approve a special apparition license for me?" It would be nice to have a last resort, considering how many of the creatures in the forest could maim her given half a chance.</p>
<p>"You cannot apparate on Hogwarts grounds," Snape reminded her, eyes narrowing. "Even if you could learn in the next six days."</p>
<p>"No telling how far into the forest we'll have to go, though," she pointed out wearily. "They could put whatever we're seeking well past the wards, if they wanted."</p>
<p>"Let's focus on tracking and hiding, Rigel. If escape is your only option, I'd advise bringing a broom." She couldn't tell if he was joking.</p>
<p>"Are we allowed brooms?" she asked.</p>
<p>He snorted. "If you are not strictly prohibited them, you would do well to consider it."</p>
<p>"Noted," she said, smiling slightly. It wouldn't be much good for out-flying a dragon in a dark forest, but if things did get hairy, she could always go up and out. Then she remembered the barrier. Her face fell. "The ward keeping all the creatures in has to go over the top of the trees as well," she said. "Otherwise the ones with wings would have flown out by now."</p>
<p>"Or else they are chained down," Snape mused.</p>
<p>"Like Pettigrew's dragon," she agreed, grimacing. "That was only an adolescent. I'd hate to be the committee member in charge of securing a fully grown breed to the earth."</p>
<p>"Do not pity your enemies," Snape advised her.</p>
<p>Rigel's nose wrinkled. She didn't like the idea of having enemies. Most of the last few years had been geared toward avoiding that, though she had to admit her track record had room for improvement. "A broom, then," she said. "Anything else?"</p>
<p>Snape's dark eyes appraised her for a long moment. "Have you considered an alliance?"</p>
<p>"Team up with one of the other contestants? It would have to be a halfblood or muggleborn," she said slowly. "Just for the first few tasks you mean?"</p>
<p>"The only ones you are directly competing against until the final round are Mr. Krum and Miss Shang," Snape affirmed. "Anyone else may be receptive to a helping hand, especially considering you are the only one familiar with the forest."</p>
<p>"And I know what creatures are inside," she added. "Still, would I be in violation of the vow if I helped another candidate?"</p>
<p>"An alliance with a halfblood or muggleborn in this task does not impact your odds of being chosen the pureblood champion and advancing in the tournament. Such a move may in fact increase your odds of succeeding. That said, it may be prudent to have an alternate plan, should your blood begin to boil." Snape's voice was light, almost unconcerned, but she could see the sardonic anger still burning behind his impassive features. Her Head of House had not come to terms with her agreement with Riddle just yet.</p>
<p>Rigel inclined her head. "All right. I'll think about that, too. Now can we start freebrewing?"</p>
<p>Snape favored her with a doubtful sneer. "Have you maintained the sphere of awareness for an entire week?"</p>
<p>"Five and a half days," she said, widening her eyes and allowing a hopeful smile to cross her features. "It would have been seven, but I brewed some Dreamless Sleep that ended up much stronger than intended and accidentally knocked myself unconscious the night before last. Now I'm back to two days straight."</p>
<p>"Why are you taking Dreamless Sleep?" Snape asked. His head was cocked in a way that indicated dangerous levels of interest in her answer.</p>
<p>"I…just have been," she said, dropping her eyes to the side in a show of indifference.</p>
<p>He growled. <em>"Still?"</em></p>
<p>"Not a full dose—well, except for when I over-brew it accidentally. Just a little, to take the edge off my subconscious." She glanced up at his forbidding expression and pressed her lips together in annoyance. "Nowhere near addictive frequencies. I'm <em>fine."</em></p>
<p>"You should not be going back into that forest," he spat, furious enough to begin pacing the small lab in open agitation.</p>
<p>"That wasn't my doing. Riddle is testing me. He wants to see if I'm still broken, right? Well, I'm not." She fought against the urge to grind her teeth and settled for lifting her chin stubbornly. She needed the Dreamless Sleep to stay rested for the competition. She had too many things to do during the day to waste her hours in sleep-deprived lethargy. It was times like this she missed her time-turner, despite the shiver that the mere thought of the glittering device sent down her spine.</p>
<p>"Try not to undo all the work that went into repairing you in one night," Snape suggested. His voice positively frothed with a roiling venom.</p>
<p>Rigel smiled sweetly in response, though there was acid dripping behind her lips that burned down her throat into her stomach. It pooled there, a fire of resentment that she refused to give voice to. He made it seem as though she'd asked to be kidnapped or strong-armed into a tournament of dubious intent. Left to herself, she doubted she'd ever go more than a few feet into the forest again. "I'll do my best," she promised dryly.</p>
<p>"Go practice your remote sensing." Snape's scowl did not indicate that he found her dissemblance amusing.</p>
<p>She bowed with an unnecessary flourish. "As milord bids."</p>
<p>Rigel could feel the daggers of his glare following her into the corridor, but she didn't have the wherewithal to soothe her professor's ruffled feathers at the moment. Instead, she had a date with a megalomaniacal piece of aluminum oxide.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Her consciousness barely had time to fully manifest into the icy wind of her mindscape before Dom folded the mental space around her and brought her into the cabin-like interior of her mountain. The ceilings looked higher, and various magical creatures of disparate origins hung frozen in intricate taxidermied states of motion amidst the rafters. A black bear stared sightlessly down at her from the nearest beam, its mouth agape in silent, teeth-filled fury. A fire roared cheerfully in the fireplace, which was now framed by a glorious array of stones, some suitable for such construction and others, like an enormous hunk of uncut diamond, too ridiculous to contemplate overlong.</p>
<p>The wood floor shone with fresh wax as she made her way to the pair of chairs—more thrones, now, with great, arching backs of interwoven branches. She looked around for any sign of golems, but either Dom had been smart enough to hide them or he'd envisaged ever-shining floors.</p>
<p>"How have you been?" she asked politely as the construct pushed in her chair. He looked the same, a porcelain doll that resembled her current physical form only vaguely. Perhaps she ought to update his shell, to better reflect her current appearance. The only reason he looked that way was to fool intruders, after all.</p>
<p>"Busy," Dom said, smiling slightly as he claimed his own seat and began carefully pouring tea. "I've run through all the magic you gave me the last time you visited."</p>
<p>She'd decided to go about having him comb through her magic by only giving him access to a portion of it at a time. As long as he didn't have more than a fifth of it at once, she didn't think he'd be able to cause her any trouble she couldn't handle. She leaned forward, ignoring the steaming teacup in front of her for the moment. "What have you found? Anything?"</p>
<p>"You were right." He fixed her with a level stare. "At first it was hard to see, but after some experimentation I noticed that the foreign magic you suspected was just a little slower to react when provoked than your own, vigorously responsive core."</p>
<p>She frowned. "What does that mean?"</p>
<p>He stood. "I've collected it here." He plucked a crystal flask from the mantel and held it before her eyes with two fingers. There was a cold blue fire flickering at the bottom, almost writhing in the firelight. "At first it was invisible, stretched thin within your core and for all intents bonded with your own magic. If I do this—" The construct thrust his hand toward the vial and a flare of power reached out from him toward it. For a moment, the blue fire did nothing, but then it lashed against the side of the bottle without warning. The crystal shook, but held. Dom grinned at her over the flask. "Your magic doesn't hesitate. It reacts immediately to any stimulus, while this blue fire always goes still before striking back."</p>
<p>"Like a snake," she muttered, frowning at the creepy little ball of fire.</p>
<p>"Once I could discern the difference, I began separating the two. When this magic is detached from yours, it tends to stick to itself. I also lose all control over it once it's no longer merged with your core," he explained, shaking the bottle a little. The flames crawled from one side of the container to the other in a strange parody of pacing. "This is essentially useless to you, now. You can't use it for anything, but it can't exert any influence over you, either."</p>
<p>She let out a slow breath. "Thank you. Do you think you can separate the rest of it?"</p>
<p>"With time," Dom said, nodding. He went to place the flask back on the mantel but Rigel shook her head.</p>
<p>"Lock it away, please." She didn't want that stuff just lying around. Dom shrugged, but did place the bottle inside a polished wood cabinet. "Thank you," she said, meaning it. "I'll get you a new section of core to work with before I leave." She still didn't know what the magic had been intended to <em>do</em>, but she felt better having part of it isolated.</p>
<p>She picked up her teacup and sniffed at it, amused to find it still just as warm as when he'd poured it. The tea felt entirely solid sliding down her throat, but in a way that was almost more strange in the mental plane than the illusory impression of tea had been the last time she visited. "This is good."</p>
<p>"It is acceptable," he agreed, sipping at his own cup. "Now, what fresh problems have you for me today?"</p>
<p>She scowled at him. "I don't need you to handle all of my problems."</p>
<p>"Only some of them, I know," he said soothingly. The amusement in his dull grey eyes wasn't surprising, but the concern that underlined it was. "Well?"</p>
<p>Rigel sighed. "There's this tournament," she admitted. "I have to participate." She began an explanation that sounded even more convoluted out loud than it did in her head. Dom listened patiently, but when she came to the vow he scoffed.</p>
<p>"You should not make such deals with your enemies. Nothing you could gain will be worth helping him to achieve anything." Dom's foot tapped restlessly as his gaze floated toward the ceiling in thought. "This tournament will attract prestige, however, and give you a chance to prove your worth on an international level. You could recruit many followers, if you make a good enough showing."</p>
<p>"I am not interested in followers," she said firmly. "I'm only doing this so that Riddle will stop legislating against non-purebloods."</p>
<p>"No harm in collecting multiple birds from a single stone's throw," Dom said archly. "I'm only thinking of your future."</p>
<p>She groaned. "I'd rather you focus on my present. I don't suppose you have any advice for facing a real Sphinx?"</p>
<p>Dom grimaced. "Almost nothing on this earth is worth coming between a Sphinx and her treasure. What are they offering the rabble in exchange for competing in this death trap?"</p>
<p>Rigel laughed. "The usual. Money. Fame. A magical staff of Zumez that supposedly amplifies power but is probably mostly decorative."</p>
<p>Dom choked on his tea. "The Rod of <em>Zuriel?</em>" He stared at her, entirely aghast. "They're giving <em>that</em> hunk of self-important rock to the winner? Why not simply kill them and enslave their will in the spectral plane right off? It would certainly involve less oration."</p>
<p>She stared at him. "Are you saying… you know the Rod of Zuriel?"</p>
<p>Dom rolled his eyes. "Not hardly. I've crossed paths with it once or twice, and I <em>don't</em> relish the memories."</p>
<p>She had a disturbing thought. "Are all large gemstones sentient?"</p>
<p>He ignored her. "You are going to win this tournament, correct?"</p>
<p>"I think Riddle means me to," she said, suspicious of the smile blooming across his face. It worried her when Dom was too pleased. "But seriously, are gemstones above average receptive to magical sentience for some reason?"</p>
<p>Dom ignored her, too busy smirking over his tea. "Excellent. Just marvelous." He started laughing, but caught himself with a cough and simply smiled at her innocently. She was not fooled. "I mean, how wonderful. Will you destroy its physical form as well?"</p>
<p>"I don't have any solid plans for it," she said with a frown. "Why?"</p>
<p>"No reason, just curious," Dom said, still smiling. "Now, you asked about Sphinxes. Do not attempt to cross them physically. They will do anything to guard what they've been assigned to protect, which is what makes them such excellent servants. Unfortunately, they have this penchant for riddles that you can use to your advantage…"</p>
<p>They spent the rest of her time in the mindscape discussing all the riddles Dom had ever heard, but Rigel didn't forget his keen interest in the Rod of Zuriel. It looked as though she'd have to add that artifact to the list of things she needed to research after all. The very last thing she needed was to win the tournament and wind up with another Dominion Jewel on her hands.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Five days before the first task, Rigel came across Hermione in the Library. The bushy brunette stood cross-armed at the bookshelf of Healing tomes, scowling at something only she could see.</p>
<p>"Need help finding something?" Rigel asked. Hermione started a bit and flushed at Rigel's pleasant expression.</p>
<p>"There's no copy of Henderson's Intermediate Approaches to Magical Maladies," Hermione said, gesturing to the stacks with a frustrated hand motion. "I have an essay on diagnosing modern magical mishaps, but no reference material to work with."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded in understanding. "The Hogwarts Library is wonderful, but it isn't as robust in Healing as it is in other subjects." She opened her book bag and rummaged for a moment before pulling out the book Hermione needed. "Here, use this. I already did that lesson."</p>
<p>"What do you mean you already did it?" Hermione demanded, taking the book and leafing through it as though to check it really was the one she wanted.</p>
<p>"I try to keep up with Harry's syllabus," she said, shrugging. "It helps me a lot in my own Healing studies here."</p>
<p>"Harry told me that," Hermione said, shaking her head impatiently. "I mean how can you have studied it already? I just got notice today that we needed to reference this text for our essay. It wasn't in the general syllabus, and there's no way you've written the essay in the last—"</p>
<p>"Five hours? No," Rigel admitted, smiling. "I have a faster way of communicating with Harry than owl post. The book is yours, if you want it." She'd read most of it in any case.</p>
<p>The girl clutched the book close to her chest. "Thank you. Do you often have to buy your own books to keep up with our curriculum?"</p>
<p>"Sometimes," Rigel said, shrugging. "Madam Pomfrey also has a good private collection she's happy to lend to the few students she has. If you have any more books you need but can't find here, feel free to ask me."</p>
<p>"You do like helping me," Hermione commented, a strange look in her eyes. "Are you just being nice to me because Harry asked you to?"</p>
<p>Rigel cocked her head. "What makes you think that?"</p>
<p>She hugged the book tighter to her chest with a pensive frown. "I've seen the way your friends look at me in the halls. Like I'm an animal in a zoo they don't want to get too close to. I understand how prejudice works, you know. It's normally something you grow up with, and it can be very hard to change. If you're just humoring me for Harry's sake, I'd rather you not, thanks all the same."</p>
<p>She had to admire the girl's pride. "At first, I was going to be nice to you for Harry's sake," she admitted, deciding honesty was something Hermione would appreciate. "However, what I've seen of you so far, I like. You speak your mind and you're participating in the tournament for reasons I can respect. Coupled with what Harry tells me of your virtues, I'd consider myself lucky to be your friend."</p>
<p>"What does he—she—" Hermione sighed. "What does Harry say about me?" The girl looked interested despite herself.</p>
<p>"Just that you hung the moon and the sun in the same day," Rigel said.</p>
<p>Hermione scoffed. "Harry is so hyperbolic. I never know what he really means." Hermione shot Rigel a self-conscious glance, adding, "Do you refer to Harry as a boy or a girl usually?"</p>
<p>Rigel felt herself go still. What to say? She took a slow breath. "I… refer to Harry as a girl to those who know Harry as a girl, and a boy to those who know Harry as a boy, as you do. People who don't know Harry at all will say 'the Potter Heiress,' but those people's perceptions don't matter much."</p>
<p>"It's so complicated," Hermione said. She didn't sound like she was complaining, exactly, but she did seem frustrated. "In the alleys it's the same. Some people refer to Harry as a boy, some as a girl who presents as a boy. It's confusing."</p>
<p>"Harry wouldn't want you to be confused," Rigel offered, feeling acutely awkward. "Think of it like… a secret. Think of Harry as a boy, but to protect his secret, you can refer to him as a girl in front of people who don't know him. Does that make sense?"</p>
<p>"It's just—" Hermione broke off, uncertainty painted across her face. Rigel kept her face open and kind. With agonized hesitancy, Hermione said quietly, "I think Harry likes me."</p>
<p>"He does," she confirmed, with barely a moment's thought. If Hermione had already guessed but hadn't said anything to Archie, she obviously needed someone to talk to. Rigel summoned her most earnest expression. "Underneath Harry's excitable personality and lighthearted demeanor, he really cares for you."</p>
<p>"I know," Hermione whispered. Her face sagged with discomfort. "But I don't— oh, I don't know how to say this. I'm… not attracted to females. Physically. I know," she rushed on, "that pureblooded culture is supposed to be non-preferential and emphasizes flexibility for the sake of bolstering population or something, and Harry says most people don't admit to having a firm sexuality these days, but I can't help what I feel. I don't know if I can ever give Harry what sh—he—wants."</p>
<p>There was a white-hot knife twisting in Rigel's heart. In that moment she understood in startling clarity just what the ruse would ask of Archie. Of course Hermione could not be expected to forgo her natural inclinations to entertain a relationship that held no amorous appeal for her. Still, there must be something she could do to help her cousin's cause.</p>
<p>"I understand," Rigel assured her gently. "So does Harry. He won't ever press you, Hermione. Harry values your friendship too much to push you away or make you uncomfortable."</p>
<p>Hermione bit her lip. "I just hate to disappoint him. He's my best friend. It didn't used to be this complicated."</p>
<p>"Apparently, that's a normal teenage sentiment," Rigel said wryly.</p>
<p>Hermione smiled weakly. "Nothing has been normal since my eleventh birthday. I can't bring myself to regret that, though. It's precious, this life." The girl made a vague gesture to the stacks around them, but Rigel knew it was meant to encompass the castle itself, and so much more. Hermione's voice caught as she added, "We're so lucky to be a part of this."</p>
<p>As the other girl took her leave, Rigel reflected that she hadn't felt particularly lucky in a long time.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Just days before the first task, Rigel was in the midst of Healing a perforated pig's bladder when the Head Girl poked her head into the Hospital Wing and told Madam Pomfrey that Rigel was to be excused for the day. The nurse clucked in annoyance, but took over the operation seamlessly and said, "Read up on the rest of the urinary system and next week we'll take a closer look at ruptured kidneys."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded and waved goodbye to Zhou, who smiled briefly at her before returning her attention to the pig. Rigel slipped out of her Healing smock, but was aware of the potent stench that followed her out of the Wing. Pansy always refused her company on Fridays until after she showered, though Rigel didn't think it was <em>that</em> stomach turning. Judging by the wrinkled nose on the Head Girl's face, she might have to reconsider that assumption.</p>
<p>The older girl left Rigel at the doorway to a seldom-used classroom, where she found most of the other champions gathered within, along with the Headmaster, Riddle, several reporters, and, in a twist of reality she'd never imagined, the wand maker Ollivander, of all people. Rigel stared at the white-haired old man with a detached sense of horror. It was like witnessing a broom collision—or being in one, rather. There he was right in front of her all of a sudden, and there was nothing she could do about it.</p>
<p>Ollivander was the one person in all the world who held the unifying piece in the puzzle that had spiraled into her current situation. It was Ollivander who had, for reasons she had been too grateful to question at the time, not revealed to Snape in her first year that she was Harriet Potter, not Arcturus Black. Now, after years of putting the knowledge to the side, she was caught in the realization that she had no idea what the man's motivations might be as far as she was concerned, and she had no guarantee that the wand maker wouldn't reveal her ruse once and for all that afternoon—in front of members of the international press, no less.</p>
<p>She forced her feet forward and her chin up. If these were to be her last moments as Rigel Black, she would not spend them blubbering or begging. Nothing was certain, yet, and all she could do was carry on in the part she played with bare bravado. Besides, what proof did he have? Even if he kept a record of every wand sold, she could easily claim she and her cousin had switched wands before going off to school. It would even explain better why the original ash wand hadn't suited her. This and other arguments began to marshal themselves in her head as she stepped more fully into the room.</p>
<p>"Ah, Mr. Black." Dumbledore smiled at her approach. "Now we have only one left to await, I believe. Miss Granger has become adrift in our rather cavernous Library, I suspect."</p>
<p>"She doesn't waste any time," Rigel said, smiling back politely. "If I may ask, what is the nature of this meeting, Professor?"</p>
<p>"I will let Tom explain, if he so desires," Dumbledore said genially. He raised white eyebrows expectantly at the politician, but Riddle demurred with a cold smile. Dumbledore hummed with amusement. "Well then, Mr. Black, to answer your question, this is a wand weighing."</p>
<p>She blinked in polite confusion. "Is there a weight limit on the wands we may use?"</p>
<p>The Headmaster laughed. "Fortunately not. It is merely a formality that ensures no candidate in the competition is utilizing a damaged or otherwise compromised wand."</p>
<p>"So that no one can say their wand was the cause of their failure," Jacob Owens chimed in, smiling widely. For some reason the American always seemed to be on the edge of a joke only he fully understood.</p>
<p>"If I promise not to make any such claims, can I skip it?" Rigel asked. "Only I've got a pig back in the Hospital Wing that I'd like to see back to full health."</p>
<p>A couple of the others laughed, but most only gave her odd looks. "Is zat what I smell?" Delacour asked, raking her eyes over Rigel's robes as though she could spot the viscera on them if she looked hard enough. Rigel shrugged apologetically.</p>
<p>"The formality is mandatory for all champions," Riddle said firmly. The quelling look he sent her recalled the exact wording of the Unbreakable Vow she'd sworn. As if she needed reminding.</p>
<p>"It won't take long," Ollivander promised. When her eyes met his with wary reluctance, the old wizard winked at her. At least, she thought he did. It was the barest flutter of lash, there and gone before she could be sure.</p>
<p>Hermione was ushered into the room shortly thereafter, and Riddle beckoned the reporters—two men in smart business robes and one neon-attired Rita Skeeter—forward.</p>
<p>"Welcome champions and guests, to the Weighing of the Wands. In addition to the formal registering of your wands today, you will also be giving an interview to one of our three esteemed reporters." He introduced each of them with a politician's smile. "Rita Skeeter, special correspondent to the <em>Daily Prophet</em>, Mark Russel, author of the popular <em>Continental Column</em>, and David Prescott from the <em>Salem Star</em>."</p>
<p>Rigel could not help thinking that it was rather clear who Riddle's intended audience was for his little experiment. All the articles would be published in English, and all three of the chosen papers were geared toward middle class readers with more thirst for entertainment than substance. He was not interested in making a scientific or academic point, but in sensationalizing the subject of blood politics in the popular imagination.</p>
<p>"Before that, I'll open the floor for any questions you have concerning the first task," Riddle offered. His expression was entirely magnanimous, and he waited patiently for the competitors to martial their thoughts.</p>
<p>"Vill ve be allowed in the forest before the task?" Krum asked.</p>
<p>"No."</p>
<p>"Is a wand all we're allowed?" Antiope's eyes were sharp on Riddle as he pretended to think about the question before answering.</p>
<p>"No."</p>
<p>"We can bring anything?" Sousa asked, looking cheered at the prospect.</p>
<p>"Anything you can carry," Riddle allowed. Really, he could have just said 'anything.' A wizard was never limited by space.</p>
<p>The questions went on, mainly about what they should expect to face in the forest, but Riddle deflected them all deftly. Rigel began a mental list of the potions she wanted to brew fresh for the task. It couldn't hurt to have a few extra Blood-replenishers, and while she didn't anticipate relying on it, a Calming Draught would be wise, just in case.</p>
<p>"Should we perhaps commence the weighing?" Dumbledore put in after every champion had the opportunity to ask questions. "I do have a class to teach this afternoon, I'm afraid." He twinkled blue eyes at Rigel, who was his only student in said class. She had to smile.</p>
<p>"I'd like to get back to class, as well," she put in solemnly.</p>
<p>Riddle's expression dripped with such solicitousness she doubted anyone else saw the annoyance laying in its shadow. "Certainly; we must not stand in the way of edification. Perhaps you'd like to go first then, Mr. Black?"</p>
<p>Her eyes flickered toward Ollivander again, but the old man's face revealed only pleasant interest. The wand maker held out his hand expectantly, and Rigel fetched her wand with hands that shook.</p>
<p>"Ah, yes, my old friend." Ollivander grasped the Holly wood almost fondly, running his hands over the length of it and holding it close to his misty eyes to better inspect its condition. "You've not had an easy time with this one, eh?"</p>
<p>Rigel wasn't sure whether he was talking to her or to the wand, but she nodded in any case. "We've come to terms with one another," she offered. Maybe if he thought she was treating her wand right he'd be less inclined to reveal her secret. Or maybe not—it was only a tool, after all, not a pet. Still, the elderly wizard didn't look at the wand as though it were a mere instrument.</p>
<p>"You have," the wand maker agreed. "Holly is a loyal wood, once its allegiance is won. It will serve you well."</p>
<p>He began to hand the wand back, and she had reached to grab it when Skeeter asked, "And the core? The length? My readers will want <em>every</em> detail." Her acid green quill was poised over a pad of paper, ink slowly pooling at its tip like venom welling in its sack.</p>
<p>"Phoenix feather," Ollivander said, face blank. "Eleven inches."</p>
<p>"Is it…?" Dumbledore trailed off, as though he'd begun the question despite himself. He looked equal parts hopeful and uneasy.</p>
<p>Ollivander's eyes flickered toward Rigel and away before he nodded once. Dumbledore's eyes locked onto Rigel's and held them for a long moment, but the Headmaster didn't say another word. Rigel began to frown. What was wrong with phoenix feathers? Surely there wasn't some kind of stigma around that, too. She glanced around the room to try to get a read on the others' reactions, but none of the competitors seems concerned with the information. It only seemed to mean something significant to Ollivander and Dumbledore—and Riddle. Her eyes caught a ripple of pure astonishment before the politician could disguise it, and she wondered.</p>
<p>When it was clear no elaboration was forthcoming, she tucked her wand away and stepped aside for the next champion. She tuned out the proceedings, not really interested in what kind of wands the others were carrying. What difference did it make? Her mind wandered back to that Saturday in first year when Fate had seemed to breathe across the tiny hairs on her neck. What had Ollivander said then? She hadn't been paying close enough attention. Something about loyalty, and something about… another wand? He had mentioned the combination was rare, but also that he had sold another wand that was similar, or something. Was it Dumbledore's wand? Did he also have a phoenix feather core? It couldn't be something so simple, she thought. Draco and Pansy both had unicorn hair cores, but they weren't wide eyed and concerned about it.</p>
<p>Still, there had to be something odd going on. When Delacour revealed that her wand contained the hair from her own grandmother, Dumbledore didn't seem half as intrigued. In addition, she felt the weight of Riddle's gaze fall heavy on her several times throughout the rest of the wand inspections, and while she didn't put it past the man to attempt to unnerve her for no reason, she was certain something else predicated his fixation this time.</p>
<p>Tahiil was the last to step forward, but he did so sheepishly. He held his empty palms out in open apology. "I have no wand, I am afraid. I did not know they were required."</p>
<p>This set the room into a tizzy. Rita materialized in the boy's face with simpering interest. "However do you perform magic, then? A staff? Crystals?"</p>
<p>Tahiil shook his head with a smile. "I was taught without this kind of focus. In my village, the elders cast with their hands. This is my way also."</p>
<p>"Wandless magic, how intriguing," Rita said, batting her vibrantly-lidded eyes at the Somali boy. "Do you find it…effective?"</p>
<p>He shrugged. "It works for me. I cannot say for others."</p>
<p>Riddle bestowed a cool smile on the muggleborn boy, saying, "We look forward to seeing your style of casting in the tournament, then. That concludes the Weighing of the Wands. Each of our guest reporters will now take three champions aside for exclusive interviews. Ms. Skeeter, if you would?"</p>
<p>Skeeter's smile could have burned through concrete with its intensity. "I'll take the Britain-born, if you don't mind, Lord Riddle. My readers will simply <em>adore</em> the juxtaposition—imagine it! One pureblood, one halfblood, and one muggleborn, all from our own magical community. Who will they root for? Who will they fall for? It's just <em>delicious</em>."</p>
<p>It sounded rather nauseating, put in those terms. How hadn't she noticed before that it was just as Skeeter said? Was it just coincidence that one candidate from each category happened to be originally from Great Britain, or was it more of Riddle's careful maneuvering?</p>
<p>The man himself inclined his head as though granting a boon. "Mr. Black, Miss Antiope, and Miss Granger—with Ms. Skeeter, if you please."</p>
<p>Rigel reluctantly peeled away from the group and followed Hermione and Antiope out into the corridor. Skeeter ushered them all into a classroom nearby and shut the door firmly behind them. She shooed Rigel and the others into chairs and took a seat on the edge of the teacher's desk like a finicky cat perching on a dirty limb.</p>
<p>"There now, that's cozy," the reporter said, still smiling brightly at the three of them. "You all don't mind if I use a Quick Quotes Quill, do you? I'd like to really concentrate on you, now."</p>
<p>Antiope cast the floating quill a suspicious look, but nodded. Hermione frowned, saying, "As long as we are quoted accurately." Rigel just tried not to grimace. She could still recall the article this woman had written about the Sleeping Sickness. It had rubbed her the wrong way, painting a more dramatic picture than necessary. She didn't foresee whatever article came out of this strange interview being any less sensational.</p>
<p>"Marvelous. Now, let's start with our pureblood. Arcturus Rigel Black. Scion to the Noble and Ancient House of Black. How does it feel, representing the oldest and most respected institution in this ground-breaking tournament?" Skeeter leaned forward toward Rigel, who was greeted with a rather indelicate view of the reporter's open blouse. She fought against the urge to wrinkle her nose at the excess of cleavage on display before her and instead looked down at her hands.</p>
<p>"I hope to bring honor to my school and my family," she said evenly. "I look forward to a challenging and interesting year."</p>
<p>Skeeter tutted at her answer. "Come now, Rigel—they do call you Rigel, don't they? You can be honest with me. It's a lot of pressure, isn't it? You must be dazzled, knowing most of the country is counting on you to uphold the grand tradition of pureblood ability. Will your family disown you if you disappoint them? The Blacks can be very unforgiving, if rumors are true."</p>
<p>Rigel looked up with a frown. "My father would never do that. He understands that ability, as you call it, is tied to the individual, not to any one group. How well I do in this tournament will be a reflection on me, and me alone."</p>
<p>"Well said, Rigel." Hermione was looking at her with something like pride in her eyes. "That's exactly what ought to be articulated about this tournament. It's not really about blood. It's about individuals of different backgrounds coming together and challenging themselves."</p>
<p>Skeeter favored Hermione with a skeptical expression. "It's the backgrounds we're talking about, dearie. That's why the best of the best were chosen to compete. In the end, the one to win will be the one whose background has best prepared him or her for victory. You're all smart and ambitious, Miss Granger, no doubt about that. You wouldn't be here if you weren't. The difference between you and Mr. Black is just blood. No use disputing that."</p>
<p>Hermione visibly bristled and Rigel had to bite her lip on a groan. <em>Don't do it</em>, she thought urgently toward the girl. It was no use, though. Hermione, eyes blazing, was about to walk into a political quagmire. "The <em>difference</em>, as you put it, is opportunity. Blood has nothing to do with ability. If Mr. Black wins it will indeed be a reflection on Hogwarts—it means he has access to quality education and has made good use of it."</p>
<p>"Then you believe the American Institute of Magic to be of inferior quality, education wise?" Skeeter asked, eyes wide with affected surprise. The implication that Hermione's failure in the tournament was a foregone conclusion rang clear.</p>
<p>Hermione faltered. "That's not necessarily the case. AIM is a wonderful school, with a rigorous curricula. No two institutions will be exactly equal, however. The differences in our educational preparation will be what determine the outcome of the tournament, not our particular blood status, that's all I'm saying."</p>
<p>Skeeter didn't care what Hermione was saying, and it was obvious. As her brilliant green quill scribbled its way across the parchment, the reporter's attention turned to Antiope, who had until this point kept her own council. "Miss Ross, isn't it?"</p>
<p>"Originally, aye," Antiope said. Her red hair shifted against her cheek as a muscle there clenched. "Until I leave the Athenai, however, I bear Antiope's title."</p>
<p>"Yes, all the girls at your school have names of myth, don't they?" Skeeter said, nodding as though she knew a great deal about Antiope's particular situation. "The Amazons of the Modern Day, they call you. It must be very strange for you, suddenly surrounded by young men as well as women here at Hogwarts."</p>
<p>Antiope pressed her lips together. "I'm not sure what you mean. We have young men in Laconia, too. Arguably the finest in the world."</p>
<p>"Yes, but those Spartan wizards are so principled, aren't they?" Skeeter tilted her head in a confiding manner. "And of course the proximity is new for you. Do find yourself <em>distracted</em> here in Britain? Or are the women of the Chalcioecus immune to the more…masculine charms?"</p>
<p>Rigel almost had to admire the woman's sheer nerve. It took a singular kind of gumption to be that unapologetically rude to someone's face. Antiope was ready to impale Skeeter's head on a pike, if the jumping tick in her cheek was any indication. Rigel cut in before the girl could answer—any response would only be twisted beyond comprehension by the reporter's sharp tongue and even sharper quill.</p>
<p>"I do find <em>myself</em> distracted," Rigel said smoothly, an expression of wistful admiration on her face. It drew Skeeter in like a pile of manure drew flies. "When I first entered this tournament, I never imagined so many lovely, intelligent, and talented young women would be participating. It's enough to make the heart faint, isn't it?"</p>
<p>"Are you admitting to a growing interest in any competitor in particular, Rigel?" Skeeter asked, her voice a tad higher in unconscious excitement.</p>
<p>"I really couldn't say," Rigel demurred. "It is a positively dazzling array. Then again, I am genetically more susceptible to the allure of beauty and talent than other young men, aren't I?"</p>
<p>Skeeter laughed, a tittering sound that suggested she was exactly as deep as she appeared. "I know first hand how <em>susceptible</em> the Black men can be, believe it or not." Rigel sincerely did not. "But that's neither here nor there. Tell me, Rigel. Do you think you exploits over the past three years have fully prepared you for this tournament?"</p>
<p>"I'm sure nothing could prepare one for whatever Mr. Riddle has in store," Rigel said, maintaining her polite expression.</p>
<p>"Lord Riddle's plans will be ingenious, to be sure, but you're no stranger to danger, are you? Wasn't it you who cured an impenetrable disease at the age of eleven? And didn't you slay a century-old basilisk the very next year? Then there's that mysterious business last spring, with a professor found dead and you, unaccountably abused and rescued the same day from being buried alive in the very forest in which you are to compete just days from now…well, it's an incredible collection of adventures, isn't it?"</p>
<p>Rigel honestly had no idea how to respond to that. It wasn't even really a question. Skeeter didn't want her to confirm or deny her suppositions. She only wanted Rigel to squirm. Well, she would not give the journalist the satisfaction. "I do seem to have had a string of bad luck, don't I? I hope my participation in the tournament will not be seen as a bad omen."</p>
<p>Skeeter's mouth twisted in sardonic amusement. "If anything, it's <em>ordained</em>," she breathed. Rigel was surprised not to see foam in her teeth. "I'm certain my readers will be positively breathless to see how you perform, Rigel Black. Do us proud, won't you?"</p>
<p>Her smile was more of a wince, but the reporter didn't seem to notice. The 'interview' ended shortly thereafter, but it was a long time before Rigel was able to purge the crawling sensation from her skin. She shuddered to think what monstrosity of popular journalism Rita Skeeter would produce from the afternoon's interrogation. Merlin willing, it would fail to sway anyone with a modicum of good sense.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Her head was still chewing through the likely consequences of the impending article when she arrived at her weekly Alchemy lesson. Dumbledore was waiting for her in his workroom, but a single glance at her expression prompted him to set aside the chalk and call for tea instead. A pair of comfy, oversized chairs replaced the array table with a gentle bell tone and Rigel had to smile. She wondered if she'd ever be so good at magic that she added sound effects just for fun.</p>
<p>"I find a small pot of good tea can reduce many troubling problems to a manageable size," the Headmaster commented when a house elf had delivered the tea tray and poured them both cups.</p>
<p>Rigel swirled the tea pensively, watching the little twister in the center of her cup with detached curiosity. "Would that tea could reduce an entire nation's pride and folly to a more manageable size," she said after a moment.</p>
<p>Dumbledore hummed thoughtfully. "You'd have to poison a great deal of tea."</p>
<p>Startled, she let a snort escape her. The older wizard twinkled at her when she met his gaze. "There's probably not enough belladonna in the world," she said with a small grin. "Ah, well. We'll have to try persuasion after all."</p>
<p>"Using the tournament, you mean?" Dumbledore's smile faded and a serious note entered his voice. "I admit I was surprised you agreed to participate, Mr. Black."</p>
<p>"You're not the only one," she allowed, her grin twisted into a grimace.</p>
<p>"Your father wrote me to ask whether I could prevent it. Alas, it is not in my power to bar specific students from competing. I told Sirius it was your choice to make, and no one else's." Dumbledore held her gaze for a long moment, and Rigel felt inexorably guilty. How could she explain to the man who had dedicated his life to defending the rights of the disenfranchised that she had made a deal with his political rival in a clumsy attempt to prevent further pressure coming to her or her family?</p>
<p>A flash of discomfort in her head snapped her eyes shut and away. Dom was warning her. She lost her relaxed posture and sat up straight in her chair. "If you want to know why, you can just ask, sir."</p>
<p>Dumbledore had the grace to look apologetic, at least. "Are you free to tell me, if I ask?"</p>
<p>Rigel blinked. He thought Riddle might have silenced her? She supposed Legilimency might be one way around an oath that prevented someone knowingly revealing information. It didn't make her feel better about his attempt to scan her surface thoughts, but she understood that if she <em>had</em> been under oath not to reveal anything about her participation in the tournament and he'd asked permission to read her thoughts, she'd have been obligated to refuse. She also would have had to immediately stop thinking those thoughts while around him. "I can talk about it. I'm just not certain you'll approve. My father definitely wouldn't."</p>
<p>He took a sip of tea with an air of innocence that must have been decades in the crafting. "I will probably forget all about this conversation the next time I meet Lord Black. The mind is a sieve in old age, you know."</p>
<p><em>Sure</em>, she thought wryly. <em>A sieve locked in an iron trunk</em>.</p>
<p>As she'd already told Pansy and Draco, not to mention Aldon Rosier, she supposed it didn't really buy her anything to keep the situation from the Headmaster. Maybe, a small voice whispered, he could even help her somehow. "I made a deal with Riddle," she said at last. "He wanted me in the tournament badly enough to trade for my cooperation. In exchange for my participating in every event to the best of my ability, he released a public statement decrying the actions of the radicals who've been terrorizing muggleborns and their supporters."</p>
<p>Dumbledore's eyebrows rose. "I thought it was unusually farsighted of Tom to distance his political party from those renegades. You show remarkable insight into the world around you for one so young. That announcement has done much to stymie public support for the radicals, though I fear public ennui will be harder to counteract."</p>
<p>She nodded. "That's good. I wanted to tie Riddle's hands, since he was so intent on tying mine. That's why I also stipulated that if I win the tournament, he must cease his legislative agenda against muggleborns."</p>
<p>Dumbledore's hands tightened briefly on his teacup. "In its entirety? Tom would never agree to that in good faith, Mr. Black."</p>
<p>"Not the entirety," she admitted. "I bargained for the specific areas of employment opportunity, healthcare, and the marriage law. I tried to include education, but he modified the vow to discount it. That was a long shot, but I had to at least try."</p>
<p>The Headmaster's eyes began to grow misty, and he set his teacup aside to clasp his hands together before her. "Mr. Black, rare are those willing to put themselves in physical discomfort—much less mortal peril—for the benefit of strangers. You might have asked for anything else from Tom; his platform, while regrettable, nevertheless affords him a great deal of personal power. That you asked for this gives an old man hope for the future of our society. I must commend your selflessness and integrity."</p>
<p>The guilty feeling was back in force. Rigel shook her head helplessly. "Please, don't. It's not like I sought this out or have ever been a strong enough advocate for muggleborn and halfblood rights, even among my own classmates. Riddle was going to make me participate one way or another. I just wanted it to mean something. But I'm not a hero, sir."</p>
<p>Dumbledore's smile widened. "And what do you think a hero is, Mr. Black?"</p>
<p>She cleared her throat. "Well. A hero is someone who sees a wrong and sets out to fix it regardless of the cost to themself. Someone like Hermione Granger, who didn't have to have anything to do with this tournament, but came knowingly to be judged and degraded before the world simply because she knows blood prejudice is wrong and she thinks someone should stand up against it."</p>
<p>"That is one definition," the Headmaster agreed. "In my years, I have seen many types of heroes, however. Sometimes heroism is as simple as ordinary principles that inspire one person to disagree out loud with another. Then there are the silent heroes. You may be forgiven for not recognizing them, for they often do not recognize themselves. The silent hero is one who corrects a wrong quietly, anonymously, and allows the world to turn on uninterrupted, never knowing how the problem came to be fixed."</p>
<p>"Like Professor Snape," she murmured, understanding his point.</p>
<p>His eyebrows rose. "Severus told you of that?"</p>
<p>"I may have dragged it out of him," she admitted.</p>
<p>"You are very like Severus," Dumbledore told her, smiling once more.</p>
<p>She flushed. It was too soon for anyone to compare her to Severus Snape. Maybe in another decade or two. "If my life is half as impactful as Master Snape's, I'll consider it well-lived."</p>
<p>The Headmaster inclined his head. "Well then, Mr. Black, let us see about winning you a tournament." He beckoned to the air with an empty hand and a slim volume materialized in it. "This will be of use to you. Think of it as supplemental reading."</p>
<p>She took the proffered book at flipped the cover back to see the title on the first page. <em>Arrays for the Harried</em>. A quick perusal of the contents showed a series of extremely simplified arrays—no more that two or three runes needed in execution. "Is this Alchemy on the go?" she asked, intrigued.</p>
<p>"Just so," Dumbledore said. "A collection of quick arrays that rely more on magical input than complex definition through runes. They aren't sophisticated, but sometimes you need a fast solution, not an elegant one."</p>
<p>It certainly played to her strength, she thought, looking at the magical coefficients described in the accompanied equations. They were higher than any other array he'd taught her, and the equations weren't very well balanced, either. A significant portion of the magic she put into the arrays would be lost just in igniting them. For someone with average levels of magic, she doubted the arrays would be useful at all. For her, though, and certainly for a wizard as powerful as Dumbledore, they would be invaluable in a pinch.</p>
<p>"Thank you, sir," she said, putting the book into her bag with a thrum of anticipation. "I really appreciate the help." After a moment of thought, she added, "Do you think you could help with one other thing this year?"</p>
<p>"I can certainly try," the wizened professor promised.</p>
<p>"You've probably already thought of this, but could you work on discrediting the tournament? The ideal outcome I think would be if I managed to win, so that Riddle has to uphold his agreement about the legislation, but the tournament itself becomes so controversial that a pureblood winning doesn't necessarily buy Riddle's party anything in terms of social or political justification for continuing intolerance of muggleborns and halfbloods." At least, that was the best outcome she could currently see. Then again, she wouldn't feel too put out if Hermione managed to win, either. Having a muggleborn declared blood champion might just be enough to make people see them as equal. <em>Or</em>, her heart sank at the thought, <em>it might be enough to make purebloods hate them even more.</em></p>
<p>"Since the World Cup, I have dedicated the bulk of my resources to counteracting the radicals and their propaganda." Dumbledore confided. He appeared calm, which she supposed spoke to his volumes of experience in public affairs. Nothing about the radicals and their erratic string of attacks on muggleborn-affiliated institutions was calming. "It is time, perhaps, to turn some of my attention back to this tournament. Doubtless there will be numerous opportunities to inconvenience Tom in the coming months." He seemed almost cheered by the prospect.</p>
<p>"Are you in some way related to the Weasleys?" she asked, smiling a little. "Only, you sound a bit like the twins when they see a chance for mayhem."</p>
<p>"Thank you for that favorable comparison, Mr. Black. I did have red hair in my youth." He curled his white beard absently. "Anything is possible. I haven't examined all the branches in my family tree."</p>
<p>Rigel did not believe that for a moment, but she offered, "My father could tell you how to make one like ours—be warned, though, as it tends to take over whatever room you put it in."</p>
<p>Dumbledore hummed. "I rather prefer the mystery." He flicked his fingers toward the now empty teapot and cups, sending them to whatever dimension Dumbledore's dirty dishes were banished. "Now, then. We did have a lesson scheduled, but perhaps your time would be better served elsewhere this week, Mr. Black. The first task approaches, after all. Unless there is anything else?"</p>
<p>There was, of course, but Rigel felt a little foolish even asking the great wizard. Then she imagined asking anyone else and realized she would feel foolish in any case. It might as well be Dumbledore. "I was wondering—well, I wasn't until today, but after the wand ceremony today I wondered… is there something strange about my wand? Only you and Riddle and Ollivander were all acting a bit odd about it. Maybe I'm being paranoid." She let out a self-deprecating laugh. What did she expect him to say, really?</p>
<p>Dumbledore did not laugh with her. "What did Ollivander tell you about that wand?" he asked. The neutrality in his voice immediately put her on edge.</p>
<p>"He said a phoenix's loyalty was hard to win, I think," she said, frowning. "There was something about another wand, too, but I don't remember it clearly."</p>
<p>The Headmaster inclined his head. "You've met my phoenix, Fawkes, have you not?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded, eyes widening. "Is it…one of his feathers? I didn't know Ollivander used materials from familiars; I assumed the feather had come from a wild phoenix."</p>
<p>"Most wand materials are collected from wild trees and creatures. At times, however, a creature or being is inspired to give freely of themselves to a wizard. In Fawkes' case, he has given two such feathers in his long life." Dumbledore fixed her with a level gaze. "The second feather resides in your wand, Rigel. I will not lie to you, however; this fact alone is not so extraordinary as to cause alarm. If I may ask, what do you know about brother wands?"</p>
<p>"I've never heard the term," she said, frowning. She was a little amazed to know the exact phoenix that had given a feather for her wand, but there was a fogginess in her mind that told her she didn't fully understand the implications yet.</p>
<p>"It refers to two wands whose core material was taken from the same creature. Not the same species, mind you. The same exact being. It is rare enough for a creature to give more than one hair or feather in a lifetime. Rarer still for two wands who share a core in that way to ever meet." Dumbledore's eyes clouded with thoughts Rigel couldn't hope to follow."</p>
<p>"Please, sir. Are you saying that you and I have brother wands?" She understood that it was extraordinary, but the fact didn't seem to merit the level of gravity Dumbledore was exhibiting.</p>
<p>The old wizard shook his head sharply. "You misunderstand, Rigel. The first feather my phoenix gave does not reside in my wand, but in Tom Riddle's."</p>
<p>The world seemed to go very still. There was a rushing in her ears and the world abruptly occupied an axis that didn't mesh. She gripped the arms of her chair reflexively, fighting the nauseated feeling in her stomach. "That's mad," she whispered. "What kind of sick joke is that? Riddle and I are <em>nothing</em> alike." At least, she fervently hoped they weren't.</p>
<p>"It is not a question of similarity," Dumbledore assured her. "It is merely a stroke of Fate. It means nothing in terms of your own character, Mr. Black. Its import lies in the implication for any interactions between them. It is said that brother wands must never cross one another."</p>
<p>She grimaced. "Are you saying I can't oppose him?"</p>
<p>"Not at all. Your life is your own to lead. If, however, you should ever find yourself at the end of Tom's wand, or he at yours, even I would not hazard a guess as to the outcome." Dumbledore looked truly apologetic. "I don't wish this to unduly influence your actions. I only mean to make you aware of this accident of chance, that you will not be taken by surprise at some future moment through ignorance."</p>
<p>Rigel wasn't sure what she thought about the idea that she and Tom Riddle shared some sort of wand bond. It must be equally upsetting for Dumbledore to think that his political nemesis was carrying one of his familiar's feathers in his wand, though, so she strove to maintain politeness. She rose and collected her book bag from its place near her feet. "Thank you, sir. I appreciate your telling me the truth. There are a number of potions I need to brew today, so I should go and prepare. I promise when the first task is over, I'll catch back up to our normal lesson pace."</p>
<p>"I never doubt your dedication, Mr. Black. Good luck in the forest. If you get into trouble, don't hesitate to send up sparks." His eyes were earnest, not a twinkle in sight. "You've been very brave, but no legislative victory is truly worth your life."</p>
<p>"I'll be careful, sir," she promised. And she really would. Whatever the reward, there were too many people who would never forgive her if she went into the forest and didn't come out.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>The day of the first task dawned grey and dreary. She knew she shouldn't be up at dawn, since there was a good chance she'd be up all night traipsing through the dark forest, but she couldn't sleep past first light. Draco and Pansy rose with her, and all three took it easy on their morning jog. Her friends tried to engage her in conversation a couple of times, but she wasn't in the mood to talk about the tournament and talking about anything else felt forced. With no classes to distract her, she retired to her lab to do one last inventory of her potions kit.</p>
<p>She had made all the preparations she could reasonably expect. She had a plethora of first aid potions, including Blood-Replenishers, distilled Dittany, and Pain Relief. There were also fresh doses of her own Protection Potion, with an imbued Fortis that was as strong as she dared. Looking at her kit with critical eyes, there was one other thing she wanted to put into it. She felt stupid for even considering it, but the anxiety in her chest would not let up, so she made her way to the kitchens.</p>
<p>There was to be a grand feast tonight to celebrate the commencement of the tournament tasks, so the expansive room was alive with activity, but Binny somehow took the time to come sit with her while the others made up the package of food and water she wanted to include in her kit. She knew she wouldn't be in the forest more than a few hours, but she couldn't help the impulse. Rigel thought just having the food and water in her pack would help her keep calm in the woods.</p>
<p>"You is being very careful in the woods," Binny cautioned her. "Binny is hearing all sorts of things about the new beings in there." Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Elves is being called to feed them. Otherwise they is eating one another."</p>
<p>"I imagine the dragon eats a lot," she commented. "Is there only the one?"</p>
<p>Binny's ears drooped a little. "You is not supposed to be knowing about her."</p>
<p>Rigel smiled reassuringly. "I didn't hear it from an elf." She didn't push Binny further for details. She didn't have time to prepare for anything new in any case, so there was no sense risking the elf getting in trouble. "So they've kept you all pretty busy down here, huh?"</p>
<p>"We is not minding," Binny said happily. Then her ears drooped again slightly. "But some of the contestants is being more trouble than others."</p>
<p>She frowned. "Who's making trouble for you?"</p>
<p>"I isn't complaining," Binny stressed, though she twisted her hands in her champagne-cork necklace agitatedly. "Missy Granger isn't knowing any better."</p>
<p>"Hermione's been difficult?" Rigel was honestly surprised. Of all the candidates, Hermione seemed one of the <em>least</em> high-maintenance. She supposed she didn't know the girl all that well, though. "I will talk to her," she promised. "She's really a nice person, so I'm sure she didn't mean to cause any trouble."</p>
<p>Binny's eyes widened. "You is speaking to her? Asking her not to be leaving scarfs and hats around?"</p>
<p>Rigel's eyebrows rose in confusion. Normally a house elf wasn't bothered by a bit of mess—in fact, she'd seen Binny positively rapturous over a sink of food-encrusted dishes. "If I ask her to pick up after herself, I'm sure she would," she offered.</p>
<p>The house elf shook her head so hard her ears flapped. "I isn't meaning tidying. Missy Granger is leaving clothes in piles of other things to trick elves into taking. She is freeing elves."</p>
<p>"Oh." Rigel coughed against the urge to laugh. It was certainly not a laughing matter for the elves, but she could see exactly what had happened when Hermione realized that bonded servants—slaves, really—were cooking and cleaning the castle. No doubt the muggleborn girl was shocked and horrified. If she'd done a little research in the Library, any book on house elves could have told her how to free one. Rigel doubted she'd read any good books on their species, however, or she'd know that they not only didn't want to be freed, but that Hermione had no authority to free them, as they were bound to Hogwarts itself, not to the students. Only Dumbledore could free an elf from Hogwarts. Even still, it was probably horribly upsetting for the elves that she was even attempting it. "She definitely doesn't mean any harm. I'll explain the situation to her, all right?"</p>
<p>"Thank you," Binny said, sighing gustily. "The others is fighting over who is cleaning <em>her</em> room."</p>
<p>Poor Hermione. She really did mean well, Rigel knew. She had to, to be expending energy in freeing house elves when by anyone's estimation she ought to have been spending all her time preparing for the tournament. Perhaps she'd benefit from a different project to focus her free time on while she was at Hogwarts. Rigel would have to think about it after the first task.</p>
<p>There was a flurry of activity at the door as one of the Weasley twins ducked into the kitchens and the house elves flocked to press food into his empty palms.</p>
<p>"Rigel?" He spotted her and wound his way through the activity to where she sat. It was George, she realized, in weekend attire of jeans and jumper. "What are you doing down here? Shouldn't you be preparing for the task tonight?"</p>
<p>She gestured to the bundle of food and flasks of water on the table in front of her. "Just collecting supplies."</p>
<p>George eyed the food with a slight frown. "You'll only be in there for a few hours, right?"</p>
<p>Rigel shrugged. "You never know."</p>
<p>Binny excused herself to continue preparations for the feast and George took her abandoned seat next to Rigel. "Is this about last spring? You never talked about it, and it all happened so fast no one could figure out what exactly happened."</p>
<p>"I can't talk about it," she muttered, annoyed that the mere mention of it was already getting her pulse up.</p>
<p>George looked thoughtful. "Whenever my dad can't talk about something at work, it's because there are Unspeakables involved," he said slowly.</p>
<p>"You're very smart, George," she said without expression.</p>
<p>He cursed. "Look, if you're in there for more than six hours, Fred and I will storm in after you. Ron and Ginny will only be a few steps behind. So don't ever think that you're fully alone in there."</p>
<p>She smiled weakly. "Thanks, George. I really appreciate your support."</p>
<p>"Are you really okay with participating, Rigel?" he asked. "You don't have to do this. We can say you're ill. I'll paint Spattergroit pox all over you and you can go home this afternoon. Wait out the year at home, probably do so much self-study that you take your OWLs a year early. You know, normal stuff. Not this madness."</p>
<p>She laughed softly. "Don't tempt me. I know just the potion to mimic Spattergroit's feverish swelling. Pretty sure I could reverse-engineer a healing technique to give myself pustules, too."</p>
<p>"What a talent to brag about," George said, laughing with her. "You may have a grand career in skiving ahead of you."</p>
<p>"My father will be so proud." Actually, he might be, she thought.</p>
<p>"Just don't forget us little people when you're covered in glory."</p>
<p>"And pustules."</p>
<p>They both laughed again. It felt good to just joke about something nonsensical and stop worrying for a few moments. "You're going to do great, you know," George told her.</p>
<p>"I'll do my best for Hogwarts," she allowed. "For Draco and Diggory and all the others who would rather be in my place." <em>For all the halfbloods and muggleborns I might help if I actually won</em>, she added silently.</p>
<p>"I've something to help with that," George said, fishing in his pockets. He had to pull out several sweets before he found what he was looking for. It was a small packet tied with a green ribbon that expanded with a tap of his wand. "This is for you. From Fred and me."</p>
<p>She took the gift carefully. A tug of the string undid the wrapping and revealed a soft long-sleeved jersey in forest green. She lifted it to see a silver snake, black badger, golden lion, and bronze eagle embroidered proudly down the sleeves. On the back it read 'HOGWARTS' in bold white lettering. "You shouldn't have," she breathed, running her fingers across the embroidered lion with awe. It was simply stunning.</p>
<p>"We can't have any ambiguity about who we're routing for, can we?" George smiled encouragingly at her. "Anyway, Mum and Ginny helped us make it. Go on, try it on."</p>
<p>She frowned. "I…here?"</p>
<p>He raised an eyebrow. "I don't think the house elves will be too scandalized."</p>
<p>She forced a laugh. "Right. Ok." Rigel stood from the table and gingerly slipped her robes over her head, keeping her shoulders hunched forward so that the material of her undershirt pooled around her chest, disguising any distortion that her not-quite-flat chest might create. She slipped the jersey on quickly, relieved that it proved loose enough and straight enough that any hint of curve about her hips was cleanly hidden.</p>
<p>"It's a bit big," George said, sounding disappointing. "I forget how small you are without the robes."</p>
<p>"It's perfect," she assured him, grinning brightly. "See? I can move freely." She twisted and swung her arms to demonstrate. "I love it. Thank you, George. Thank Fred, too, if you see him before I do."</p>
<p>"He'll be sore I gave it to you without him," George admitted. He shrugged his shoulders. "Didn't know if I'd see you again before the task, though." She went to take it off once more but he stopped her. "Wear it to dinner. Show them all that you're proud to represent this school."</p>
<p>She nodded. "All right. I only hope by the end of tonight the school is proud to have me representing them, too."</p>
<p>"And now we come to the second part of your gift," George said happily. She tried to protest, but he waved her words away impatiently. "This one's just from Fred and me." He produced a smaller box from his pocket. "Open it."</p>
<p>Rigel took it with a rueful smile. "I don't deserve a friend like you, George."</p>
<p>"Don't say that until you've opened it," he laughed.</p>
<p>She lifted the lid and saw…she wasn't sure what. It was a grey disk about the size of the palm of her hand, no more than an inch thick at its center. It seemed blank at first, but when she tilted it toward the light, etched runes glinted dully at her. "What is it?" she asked, looking down into George's expectant face. "Sorry, but I've never seen anything like this before." </p>
<p>"I invented it," George said. He took the hand that was holding the disk and pulled it toward him. "Here, feel this dent?" He guided her finger over the indentation in the center carefully. "Press down on it for a few seconds to activate it. Then throw it as far away from yourself as you can and wait for the show."</p>
<p>"Show?" Rigel looked curiously at the innocuous device. "Does it explode?" she asked jokingly.</p>
<p>"Exactly," George said. At her alarmed frown he added, "Relax, pup. It's a <em>firework</em>."</p>
<p>"This little thing?"</p>
<p>"Don't underestimate it. This baby packs a punch. I thought it would be useful in the forest. If you need a big distraction, or if you just want to celebrate when you win, this little pod will make sure everyone watching remembers your performance." George released her hand and she pocketed the disk reverently.</p>
<p>"I don't know what to say, George. I can't thank you enough." Overwhelmed, she leaned down to give the Gryffindor a brief hug.</p>
<p>He chuckled into her ear. "If you use it, that'll be thanks enough. Just remember to tell people where you got it, if they ask."</p>
<p>She nodded, pulling back. "I will. I suppose I should be going," she added, picking up her robes and the package of food and water. "Pansy and Draco will want to fuss over me before tonight. Thanks again for the jersey and the firework. I'm almost looking forward to tonight." She wasn't, really, but the lie felt like the best way to express her gratitude to George for not only wanting to support and assist her, but also for lightening her heart before what was sure to be a draining ordeal.</p>
<p>"If Draco says anything about the jersey, tell him Fred and I will be glad to make a matching one for him if he's so jealous," George offered.</p>
<p>She grinned. "I'll savor the look on his face so that I may describe it to you in detail."</p>
<p>"This is why you're my favorite," George said solemnly.</p>
<p>Feeling lighter than she had in days, she bid the older boy a good day and headed back to her common room. She really <em>did</em> think her friends would want the opportunity to fuss, and she was in a much better mood to accept it than she had been that morning.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Her friends were waiting for her when she reached her dorm. Crowded into the small room, Pansy, Millicent, Rookwood, and Rosier joined her three roommates in greeting her warmly as she closed the door and set her robes and bag down on her trunk. Theo was the first to comment on her attire.</p>
<p>"Have you spent all afternoon coming up with that?" he asked, pacing around her in a circle to get the full effect. "It's a little sappy; why include the other houses at all?"</p>
<p>"The Weasleys made it for me," Rigel said staunchly. "I like it."</p>
<p>"It's lovely," Pansy assured her. "Savvy, too. You'll need the support of the whole school, not just Slytherin, to make it through this tournament with your dignity intact."</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. "Thanks, Pan. All this time I've been worried about my life and limbs; I completely forgot to consider my dignity." She smiled to let the girl know she was joking, and Pansy swatted her gently on the arm.</p>
<p>"Really, Rigel. You should know that dignity is much more important than <em>limbs</em>." Pansy sniffed.</p>
<p>"You can regrow limbs, after all, provided they aren't cursed," Theo agreed. "Dignity, once lost, is gone forever."</p>
<p>"Or at least until you kill all the witnesses," Rosier drawled.</p>
<p>"How many people will be watching the task tonight?" Rigel asked, her lips twitching.</p>
<p>"More than even you could kill before the paper got wind of it," Blaise calculated.</p>
<p>"Rigel isn't going to kill anyone," Draco said firmly. "He's going to crush the rest of those pretenders and rise victorious at the spearhead of a new age."</p>
<p>There was a moment of silence as everyone processed this. Rigel broke into incredulous laughter, and the others followed. "Really?" she said, wiping at her eyes with her palm. "No pressure then, eh?"</p>
<p>Draco cracked a grin at her. "Don't act as though pressure even phases you, Rye. Sometimes I think you work better with it."</p>
<p>"You're faith in me is terrifying," she told him. The others laughed again. "What are you all doing here, anyway? Come to take one last look at me before a dragon chomps me in half?"</p>
<p>"Don't joke about that," Pansy said, at the same time that Rookwood blurted, "How do you know about the dragon?"</p>
<p>Her friends turned incredulous eyes on Rookwood. Even Rosier looked visibly surprised. "<em>What</em> dragon?" the golden-eyed upperclassman demanded, his voice clipped.</p>
<p>Rookwood's normally stoic face took on an apologetic cast. "My uncle was responsible for procuring a lot of the creatures for the task. I wasn't allowed to say anything, Rigel. I wanted to tell you. I did include the breed in that stack of creature references I gave you."</p>
<p>"I know, and there's no need to tell me," she said, smiling. "I've got my own sources of intelligence."</p>
<p>Rookwood peered at her for a moment, then smiled in realization. "You asked a snake, didn't you?"</p>
<p>"A gentleman never speaks to snakes and tells," she assured him with an innocent blink.</p>
<p>"I see. Well, since you already know, do you need any advice about the creatures you're to face tonight?" Rookwood asked, eyes intent on her face. She kept it relaxed and unconcerned.</p>
<p>"I'm as prepared as I can be," she said. "Thank you, though. I appreciate your offer."</p>
<p>"Then you'll definitely appreciate what the rest of us got you," Theo said cheerfully. "And you won't be churlish or refuse our help on principle at all, will you?"</p>
<p>Rigel sighed. There was no way to contradict him, seeing as she was already wearing the Weasley twins' jersey. "Who, me?" she joked weakly.</p>
<p>"Excellent. Millie and I thought what you needed more than anything was an alternative to your usual death-defying solo stunts." He gestured to Millicent, who presented her with a clear semi-circle of soft, gel-like material. It was smaller than the nail on her finger.</p>
<p>"It goes on your ear," Millicent explained. "You hook it on the outer edge and it's spelled to stay put. It's an emergency beacon. If you're ever put in a position where you've lost your wand, all you have to do it crush it and a signal that no magic can dampen will be sent up into the sky."</p>
<p>"Even if your limbs are secured, as long as your head can move, you can smash it against your own shoulder," Theo added. He looked a bit uncertain. "It may seem like a coward's gift, but it never hurts to have a back-up plan."</p>
<p>"I love it." She clipped it onto her right ear at once and felt the magic gently attach itself to her cartilage. Rigel's throat was a bit tight, so she merely smiled with bright eyes at her friends. "Thank you very much." It was hard not to imagine how differently her ordeal last spring might have gone if she'd had something like this on her person.</p>
<p>"My turn." Blaise drew her attention to a pair of black gloves in his hands. He held them toward her and let her take the thin material. Runes glinted at her as her fingers explored the gloves. "I've been working on these for a few weeks. As long as the runic sequences remain intact, your grip will never slip. They'll also resist summoning, to a certain degree."</p>
<p>Her eyebrows rose. That was not an easy feat to accomplish. "You're remarkable, Blaise. Thank you. I'm sure these will come in handy." She drew the gloves on over her hands and watched the dark-skinned boy smile in subtle pleasure.</p>
<p>Rosier approached her next, a pile of material in his hands. "This is from Edmund and me," he said. The older boy almost looked embarrassed, though she told herself that couldn't possibly be the case. Rosier was always oozing confidence.</p>
<p>She unfolded the material to reveal a midnight cloak of sturdy matte material. "It's very handsome," she said, holding it up to test the length against her height. It was exactly the right size to cover the majority of her form without risking tripping her up.</p>
<p>"The forest is dark at night," Rookwood commented. "We thought you might like a bit of camouflage."</p>
<p>"We didn't realize the Weasleys were making you a garment meant to be seen, however," Rosier added, gesturing to her jersey.</p>
<p>"That's all right," she assured them. "Probably for the best, actually. I can wear the jersey until I get into the trees and then slip the cloak on. The other competitors will be looking out for my bright embroidery, and I'll slip right by them." It would help with the cold, too, she didn't doubt. Rigel had to admire her friends' utterly practical impulses when it came to gifts. She hadn't expected anything so material in terms of their support, but she couldn't deny every item the Slytherins had decided on would be of great use that year.</p>
<p>The two upperclassmen looked gratified, and stepped back to let Draco move toward her next. Her blond friend had a smug look on his face that said he knew she was going to like whatever he was about to present her. Draco held out a box about one foot across with green and silver striping. With curling lips, she accepted the gift and pried back the lid.</p>
<p>"You weren't kidding," she laughed, reaching inside to extract a beautiful black gauntlet that seemed to suck the light into it rather than reflect it. "Will they really reflect magic?"</p>
<p>"They ought to, as they're goblin forged," Draco said proudly. "Flip them over."</p>
<p>She turned the gauntlet she held to its underside, where the Malfoy family crest was etched in dull silver near the wrist. Rigel snorted. "Wonderful, Dray. My father will have kittens if he sees this."</p>
<p>Draco smirked. "It was father's idea. We did put the Black crest on the other one."</p>
<p>Sure enough, when she shifted the box so that she could withdraw the other gauntlet, she saw the Black family emblem carefully pressed into its underside as well. "Thank you, Draco. And thank your father, too, please."</p>
<p>"You can thank him yourself," Draco said. "He'll be at the task tonight. Mother, too. Try them on, then. The right one is supposed to fit over the holster Pansy and I got you for your birthday."</p>
<p>She rolled up the jersey's sleeves to reveal the soft leather holster on her right forearm. Once she loosened the straps, the gauntlet slid easily over the skin-tight holster and left room at the wrist for her wand to pass through to her hand unimpeded. "They're perfect. Help me tighten them?"</p>
<p>Draco and Pansy each set to one forearm, adjusting and tightening the gauntlets with care. "They should be strong enough to absorb all but the most powerful spells," Draco said when he'd finished her right arm to his satisfaction. He rolled the sleeve of her jersey halfway down the gauntlet gently. "Physical objects, too, of course."</p>
<p>She rotated her forearms and clenched her fists. "These are amazing, Dray. I can't wait to try them out." She looked at each of her incredible friends and smiled softly. "Thank you all so much. I don't know what I'd do without you."</p>
<p>"Walk into the forest naked, no doubt," Theo suggested.</p>
<p>"Would that be considered brave or idiotic?" she wondered.</p>
<p>"Both, of course," Millicent said with a scoff. "Thank Salazar you aren't a Gryffindor, Rigel. You'd be maimed within minutes."</p>
<p>"No talk of maiming before the task," Pansy said sternly. "Besides, I haven't given <em>my</em> present to Rigel yet."</p>
<p>"No one could ever forget you, Pansy," Rigel said fondly. "Still, you didn't have to get me anything."</p>
<p>"My gift is immaterial," Pansy declared haughtily. At Rigel's curious look, she settled into a grin. "I'm going to braid your hair."</p>
<p>Rigel blinked. "And that's…not a punishment?"</p>
<p>Her friends chortled. Glancing between Rigel's fearful smile and Pansy's unyielding expression, Theo said, "That's our cue, mates. I'll see you at dinner, Rigel."</p>
<p>He left, followed shortly by Blaise and Millicent. Rosier cast a single, unreadable glance at Pansy before following suit, Rookwood on his heels. They each bid her good luck even as they abandoned her to Pansy's tender mercy.</p>
<p>When it was only Rigel, Pansy, and Draco left in the room, Pansy let out a chuckle. "Honestly, I don't have to braid it if you don't want. I just thought you'd like some time to yourself before dinner."</p>
<p>Rigel sank onto her bed with a sigh of relief. "I would, actually. Some peace right now would be priceless, Pan—but only if you and Draco stay, of course." She didn't want to be left entirely alone with her thoughts, after all. Nothing good would come of that.</p>
<p>Draco sat on his own bed, Pansy primly perching on the edge beside him. His eyes took on an intent focus as they roamed over Rigel's relaxed form. "Have you packed everything you need?" he asked.</p>
<p>She nodded. "It's all in my book bag. Potions kit, first-aid supplies, food and water, emergency portkey, and a few other odds and ends. I'll add the cloak and be all set."</p>
<p>"What about your starlight," Draco pressed. "That'll come in handy in the forest."</p>
<p>Rigel lied. "It's in there, too." It wasn't, of course. Archie's starlight would never shine for her, so he'd taken it to AIM with him. She did have the invisibility cloak, though. Merlin willing, she wouldn't need it.</p>
<p>Draco's intent expression didn't let up. As the phantom pain came from her subconscious, warning her, Draco sighed. "You're worried," he said flatly. "It's upsetting you."</p>
<p>She shrugged her shoulders. "Hard not to be. Anything could happen tonight."</p>
<p>"Let me help," Draco said. He leaned forward and reached across the gap between their beds toward her. "Take my hand."</p>
<p>Frowning, she examined his outstretched palm. "I'm okay, Dray."</p>
<p>He leant forward all the way and plucked her hand from her lap. "Relax, Rigel. You've helped me plenty of time. I've finally learned how to turn it around, I think." She felt it the moment Draco's magic reached out and attempted to wrap itself around hers. At first, she balked at the invasive feeling. Her head grew tight with pain as Dom made his complaints known simultaneously. Draco grunted. "Don't fight it. Trust me, Rigel."</p>
<p>She tried. She consciously clamped down on the urge to throw up her Occlumency walls and instead attempted to allow Draco the control he needed to connect to her emotions with his gift. Almost at once, a flood of calm washed over her senses, momentarily blurring her perception completely. "Can you dial it back?" she gasped, shaking her head against the heady sensation. The feeling of floating receded, and in its place was a peaceful numbness that left her oddly still, as though a wind that she hadn't noticed buffeting her had suddenly blown out. Through the almost eerie stillness, she managed to ask, "When did you learn this?"</p>
<p>Draco sounded pleased with himself as he admitted, "I've been practicing on fish in the Black Lake for a while. It works through the glass in our common room, you know."</p>
<p>"That's great," she said with numb lips. It was impressive that he'd learned to project emotions onto others after only a couple of years with his gift. Impressive, and also a bit terrifying. She couldn't deny that she was a lot less stressed than she had been before, though. It didn't feel entirely natural, but she supposed it wouldn't hurt to let Draco project serenity on her for a few minutes. "Feels good. Is this how normal people feel all the time?"</p>
<p>Draco laughed. "I doubt it. Pretty sure I don't have the ratio of pleasure-to-numbness down yet. I'll try to lighten it up again."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded as the strangely airy feeling slowly dissipated, leaving only staid acceptance in its place. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Better. I only feel a little bit drunk, now."</p>
<p>Draco released her hand as Pansy wrinkled her nose. "You don't drink, Rigel."</p>
<p>"I've been dosed with enough experimental prank potions to understand the feeling," Rigel said. She tilted her head at the girl, examining the fringe that fell across her brow with a critical frown. "Do you still want to braid my hair, Pan?" she offered. "It is getting a bit long."</p>
<p>"I noticed you tossing it out of your eyes in your duel with Draco," Pansy agreed. She crossed to Rigel's bed and climbed up beside her. Sure fingers carded through her curl-prone locks and captured the strands at her temple one by one. "It's really only bad here in the front," she commented. The girl was so close Rigel could feel her breath against her face and awkwardly averted her gaze toward Draco, who met her gaze with a smirk. Rigel narrowed her eyes at him, but otherwise couldn't move under Pansy's ministrations.</p>
<p>"Leave the sides," Rigel requested. "That way I can hide the beacon Millicent and Theo gave me."</p>
<p>Pansy nodded with a hum of agreement. When she had reached a length that satisfied her, Pansy transferred the strands to her left hand. She collected her wand with the other hand, tapping the half-braid firmly and letting go with her hand simultaneously. "There. That spell will stay for at least twelve hours, and it won't slip like a fastener would."</p>
<p>Rigel reached up a hand to feel her fringe gathered into a single braid that hugged her head loosely back to the top of her crown, where it was affixed. After that, the hair hung freely among the rest of her locks. She shook her head firmly and felt nothing slip. "Thanks, Pan," she said, smiling gratefully. "I reckon I'm about as ready as I'll ever be."</p>
<p>"Good thing, since it's almost dinner time," Draco said, standing with a stretch. He looked Rigel from head to toe as she and Pansy rose as well. "Don't forget your cloak."</p>
<p>She collected her book bag and gently pushed the cloak into the space at the top. It would be a good cushion for the rest of the contents, she thought. With everything she needed now secured, Rigel shrunk the bag down to the size of a matchbook and put it gently in her right-side trouser pocket. It fit easily next to George's firework device, and she pulled the string that secured the pocket tight.</p>
<p>"We should get him something more tactical for the next task," Pansy told Draco.</p>
<p>"I agree. It'll take time for him to fetch anything he might need. Maybe some kind of belt pouch?" Draco suggested. </p>
<p>"Still here," Rigel reminded them blandly. "And you two don't need to be acquiring things for me for every task."</p>
<p>"Are you going to get something to better carry your supplies for quick access?" Draco asked her pointedly.</p>
<p>Rigel pressed her lips together in exasperation before saying, "My book bag works just fine."</p>
<p>"We'll see how it goes for this task," Pansy allowed. "During your debrief with me and Millie we can discuss it again."</p>
<p>She let out a small sigh, but knew she would not win an argument on the subject at that time. Instead, she focused on re-tying her boots and tucking the laces away securely so they couldn't catch on anything. Boots. Pants and pockets. Breathable undershirt and Hogwarts jersey. Wand holster. Gauntlets. Gloves. She was ready. "Let's go," she said. She felt strong. Prepared. There was a lightness to her bearing that she had been missing. Draco ought to bottle his ability and sell it in the streets. He'd be richer than Midas in no time.</p>
<p>Draco sighed. "Aren't you forgetting something, Rye?"</p>
<p>She blinked. "No?"</p>
<p>He crossed to her trunk and picked up the robes she'd been wearing before putting the jersey on. When he thrust his hand in the pocket, Rigel realized with a flick of her wrist that she'd neglected to put her wand <em>in</em> the holster.</p>
<p>"Merlin help us," Pansy murmured and Draco produced the holly wand from her robes and held it toward Rigel with a shake of his head.</p>
<p>"I was using it earlier in my lab and just forgot to put it back in the holster afterwards," Rigel defended.</p>
<p>"That's what you have us for," Draco huffed. "So try not to forget your head in the forest if you can help it." When she opened her mouth he held up a hand, forestalling her. "Ah-ah! Don't make any promises you can't keep, Rigel. Just <em>try</em>."</p>
<p>Pansy giggled. Even Rigel had to grin. What <em>would</em> she do without them? She plucked the wand from Draco's hand and tucked it through the bottom of the gauntlet to rest securely in its holster where it might actually be of use to her. "Now, let's go," Pansy said. She looped her arm through Rigel's. "My parents didn't spring for the VIP tent, but I can at least walk you down from the castle."</p>
<p>It was a mark of the diminishing influence of Draco's calming magic on her that Rigel mustered a frown of confusion. "VIP tent? Aren't we going to the Great Hall?"</p>
<p>Pansy cast her a worried glance. "Didn't Professor Snape tell you that the champions are to feast with the distinguished visitors who've come to watch the first task? You go to his office every other day, it seems. I thought you were <em>strategizing</em>."</p>
<p>"We've focused rather heavily on what happens after I go into the forest, for some reason," Rigel said wryly. "What's this special feast, then? Am I required to go?"</p>
<p>"If they're charging 100 galleons a head for the buffet, I imagine the champions are expected to attend," Draco drawled. They stepped into the common room to find a crowd gathered at the entrance. "We're to have an escort, it seems."</p>
<p>When the students began to notice Rigel walking toward them, many broke out into spontaneous applause and patted her on her back as she passed.</p>
<p>"Good luck, Black!"</p>
<p>"Show 'em what for."</p>
<p>"I've got good money on you." This was from Adrian Pucey, who winked at her as she shot him a disapproving look.</p>
<p>Rigel thanked her housemates over and over, nodding her head here and smiling in gratitude there until she, Pansy, and Draco had cut a path to the door. They led the way through the dungeons and up into the Entrance Hall and another rowdy cheer broke out as the students peeled off for their feast in the Great Hall and left Pansy and Draco to walk Rigel out the doors.</p>
<p>The night wind was already snaking questing fingers into their clothes, and Rigel said, "You guys don't have to come all the way out with me. I can see it from here."</p>
<p>Pansy grimaced, but nodded. She hadn't brought her cloak to dinner, though Draco had. Actually, Draco was quite well dressed now that she looked at him properly. The blonde girl moved forward to very gingerly embrace Rigel. "Be safe," she whispered. "I'll see you after. No matter what happens, just come back safe."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded, though she didn't promise anything with words. She knew better than to tempt Fate's hand on a night when chance might have enormous impact on her immediate quality of life. Pansy gave her a last reassuring smile and dashed back indoors. When she turned expectant eyes on Draco, the boy smirked.</p>
<p>"As if my parents would miss this," he scoffed. "I'm obviously coming to the VIP tent with you."</p>
<p>She grinned back at him. "We mustn't be late, then. All those people of dignity will think the Malfoys have had an unduly poor influence on the Black scion."</p>
<p>Draco tutted at her as they strode toward a large, white pavilion that glittered in the setting sun. "If anything, everyone will be grateful I managed to wrangle a Black into even a semblance of punctuality. Wasn't your family one of the last to arrive to the New Year's gala last year?"</p>
<p>"Year before that, I think," she said thoughtfully. "And we were also late to your birthday party last summer, weren't we? It's almost as though my father was an anti-social hermit for a decade."</p>
<p>They reached the fabric-covered entrance and peeled back the flap. However big the tent had seemed on the outside, it was nothing to the space that existed within its magical dimensions. Her eyes followed the milling of a hundred glittering attendees and Rigel looked down at her forest-ready outfit with a grimace.</p>
<p>"Do you think I'm underdressed?"</p>
<p>"Unavoidably," Draco confirmed. He removed his cloak with a flourish, revealing the full immaculate splendor of his outfit. She shot his polished shoes a dirty look. Really, he might have warned her. "Look, there's Mother. Your father, too. I guess you <em>are</em> the least punctual of the Blacks."</p>
<p>"I'll never live down the shame," she intoned.</p>
<p>After handing his cloak off to a house elf standing by, Draco steered her briskly through the throng of people, many of whom did a double take at Rigel's face and attire. Upon closer inspection, they found that Mrs. Malfoy and Sirius also stood near the Minister of Magic and his entourage. James was there, in smart robes that were nevertheless still clearly marked with the DMLE's crest. His watchful eyes caught hers briefly and he nodded.</p>
<p>"Archie, there you are!" Sirius bounded forward and embraced Rigel fiercely. "I wondered if we'd have to send someone to find you. How are you, pup? Nervous? Excited?"</p>
<p>"I'm fine, Dad. Feeling good, in fact. Sorry I'm late; I didn't find out about the VIP thing until just now," she said, affecting Archie's sheepish grin. "Guess I should pay a little more attention to things going on around me, huh?"</p>
<p>"Only if you want to survive the night," Draco muttered.</p>
<p>"Young Mr. Malfoy, it's been too long." Sirius stepped back from Rigel and extended his hand to grip Draco's firmly in a gesture of respect. "I suppose it was you who ensured my son's semi-timely arrival?"</p>
<p>Draco's smirk was positively engorged with amusement at Rigel's expense. "You know how Rigel is; he'd never leave the lab if we didn't lure him out with food."</p>
<p>Sirius's eyebrows rose in amusement. "Our Harry is just the same at home. Seems even when he spends the entire summer away her influence rubs off on him."</p>
<p>"Right here," she tried halfheartedly. Mrs. Malfoy came to her rescue.</p>
<p>"Now is no time to tease the young man of the hour," Narcissa said firmly. Her gaze alone brushed Sirius two steps back so that she could move squarely before Rigel. They were nearly of a height now, she realized with surprise. She could still remember the first time she'd met the lovely lady, when her head had scarcely reached Mrs. Malfoy's chin.</p>
<p>Rigel took Narcissa's outstretched hand with a practiced bow. "I hope you have come to support me tonight, Lady Malfoy. My every step will be sure if I walk with the knowledge of your favor."</p>
<p>"Then I expect you won't stumble." Narcissa smiled.</p>
<p>"If he does, it'll be because the fool is competing in his potions boots instead of his trainers," Draco told his mother with a long-suffering sigh.</p>
<p>"Won't they slow you down?" Mrs. Malfoy asked with a frown.</p>
<p>"Not in the least. Besides, if I step on a runespoor in trainers my stint in this tournament will be very short," Rigel reasoned. "These things will at least slow it down."</p>
<p>Sirius looked curiously down at the boots as well. "Doesn't Harry have a pair like that?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded cheerfully. "She recommended them a while back. And they're wonderful." And Archie would be getting a used pair for Christmas to collaborate her lie.</p>
<p>Draco looked ready to make some other, doubtless disparaging, comment about her lovely boots, but he was interrupted by the Minister. Fudge came forward and clasped a hand jovially on Rigel's shoulder. "All ready are you, Mr. Black?"</p>
<p>She slid her eyes curiously across his face, wondering whether he was truly asking. The wide smile plastered across his it made her think otherwise. "As ready as can be expected, with so much mystery surrounding the task," she said evenly.</p>
<p>"Yes, devilishly tricky fellow, our Lord Riddle," Fudge said proudly. "I don't doubt you're in for a few surprises. Still, you'll do us proud, won't you?"</p>
<p>"If I don't, I'm sure one of the other two competitors from Great Britain will," she assured the man with false cheer.</p>
<p>"Ah. Yes, of course," Fudge said. His smile was not quite as brilliant as it had been, but he seemed prepared to bluster through his uncertainty. "Marvelous, to have so many competitors together in one event, isn't it? The tournaments of the past had three champions, but we've got <em>nine</em>, and representing the whole world, too."</p>
<p>She wondered if it escaped him that, as three of the nine were citizens of Magical Britain and four spoke English as their native language, the tournament wasn't all that representative of the global magical community at all. She settled for saying, "What good luck that Mr. Riddle felt like arranging such an opportunity this year."</p>
<p>The Minister's face fell a little more at the implied dismissal of the Ministry's part in organizing the tournament, but he recovered quickly. "Yes, we're lucky to have such a civil servant in our times."</p>
<p>"I was curious about something, though," she told the Minister, blinking at him slowly. She saw James grimace at her from the corner of her eye, but she couldn't help herself. It was the same at the World Cup. There was something extremely irresistible about making this small, blustery man uncomfortable.</p>
<p>Considering his part in how uncomfortable her year had become, she didn't feel too bad as he melted under her wide gaze and said, "Ah. Yes? I can't reveal <em>too</em> many surprises, mind you, but you are the first to ask…"</p>
<p>She smiled tightly. "I just meant about the logistics of the tournament, Minister. While we're all wandering around in the Dark Forest, how exactly will anyone watch our progress? Or are we to enter unmonitored?"</p>
<p>"Definitely not," Fudge exclaimed, laughing loudly. "Why, imagine! A spectator sport where no one could see what was happening. No, Mr. Black, we've a very special system in place for this tournament." He winked at her exaggeratedly.</p>
<p>"So the competitors will be monitored," Narcissa prompted.</p>
<p>"Yes, yes, Dumbledore himself insisted on it, you know. It was the major condition to his full cooperation with tournament preparations," Fudge confided. "Very careful, that Dumbledore. His old Alchemy Master is the one who came up with the concept, in fact."</p>
<p>"Nicholas Flamel?" Rigel said, surprised. The famous Alchemist had purportedly been retired for years, living a quiet life on the continent. He didn't take commissions any longer, though she supposed if anyone was worth an exception it was Albus Dumbledore.</p>
<p>"The very same," Fudge said, nodding smugly. "You see he invented some kind of rune pattern that connects two points. Every champion will get a headband with a sort of magical sensor on it, and just across the lawn as we speak there are nine great mirrors on the Quidditch pitch. Every champion's surroundings will be visible on the mirrors, you see?"</p>
<p>"That sounds like Muggle technology," Sirius said, looking curious. "The telly-visy that Arthur is always talking about."</p>
<p>"A television, I believe," Narcissa said. At Sirius' incredulous look, she lifted her chin regally. "You think your friends are the only ones who keep tabs on Muggle affairs?"</p>
<p>"Evidently not," Sirius said, inclining his head with an easy smile. "Tell us more about this televisin, Cissy."</p>
<p>"I'd rather let the Minister explain it," Narcissa said primly. She cut cool eyes toward Fudge and added, "How does it work exactly, Minister Fudge? Will the runic array on the champions' headbands transmit sound as well as images to the mirrors?"</p>
<p>Fudge cleared his throat. "Well, I'm no expert, you understand. Lord Riddle seems to think the sound will… take turns, in a way. So it won't be confusing, see? Just one at a time…I believe."</p>
<p>Rigel had to conclude that Fudge was attempting to repeat an explanation that had only been given to him once—one that he had merely pretended to understand at the time, no less. "That sounds very entertaining," she offered. "A shame I will not get to see it myself."</p>
<p>"Not unless you don't make the cut for the final rounds," Sirius said, smiling unrepentantly in the face of the sour look she shot him for it. "Then you can watch with the other students."</p>
<p>"Something to look forward to, then," Rigel drawled. "If you'll excuse me Minister, Father, Lady Malfoy. I must get something to eat before the task."</p>
<p>"Yes, of course," Fudge said jovially, patting Rigel on the shoulder once again. "You must keep your strength up. It might be a long night, eh?"</p>
<p>"Just so." She kept a polite smile in place until she lost sight of the Minister in the crowd. She'd only just reached the long table of food in the center of the pavilion when Malfoy caught up to her.</p>
<p>"Must you bait the Minister of Magic so blatantly?" her friend asked as they took plates and began a slow perusal of the options.</p>
<p>"He didn't seem to notice, so what's the harm?" Her nose wrinkled as she took in the rich spread before her. It all looked dreadfully heavy. She didn't fancy sprinting through the woods on a bursting stomach.</p>
<p>"Everyone else noticed," Draco told her sternly. "It's fine in front of Mother and your family, but anyone who overhears will get the wrong idea about your political leanings."</p>
<p>Or exactly the right idea, she mused, unconcerned. She settled on a couple of rolls and several slices of cured salami. Draco eyed her plate critically but didn't comment, and the two of them found a table in the corner to eat their fill. Looking around at the crowd of posh partygoers, Rigel had to smile. It was impossible to maintain an air of serious contemplation or deadly anticipation amidst this flock of utterly unaffected fools. She wondered whether it had been Riddle's idea to make the night of the first task such an aggressive money-maker or whether the Minister and the bugetless Department of Magical Games and Sports had grasped the chance for extra funds with both hands.</p>
<p>"Everything felt perfectly solemn until this," she remarked to Draco when they'd successfully inhaled their food without interruption. "How do they expect any of us to concentrate on the night ahead?"</p>
<p>"Maybe this <em>is</em> the first task," Draco suggested. "First you have to traverse the deadly peril of social disgrace and then escape the grasping talons of desperate socialites. Next, carefully avoid food poisoning at a dubious buffet. Then, and only then, do you earn the privilege of actually fighting for you life in a forest infested with some of the most dangerous magical creatures on earth."</p>
<p>"Makes sense," Rigel agreed. "You have to build up to the heart-stopping terror. If we confront it all at once it won't be appropriately didactic."</p>
<p>"And what moral are we meant to take away from these festivities," her friend wondered aloud.</p>
<p>Rigel was stumped for a moment. Finally, she offered, "Never worry about dismemberment now when it might not happen for another hour?"</p>
<p>Draco frowned. "I don't know, Rigel. It doesn't even rhyme."</p>
<p>She tried again. "A feast of poisoned slime saves a whole lot of time?"</p>
<p>He choked on his glass of punch. "That's criminal. Don't ever become a poet, Rye."</p>
<p>"Only for your delicate sensibilities," she promised.</p>
<p>Draco's eyes caught something over her shoulder and he smiled. "Father is here. Let's go say hi."</p>
<p>Rigel rose and piled her plate on top of his. "You go ahead. I'll find the litterbin and meet you in a moment." Her friend eyed her somewhat suspiciously, but she gave him her most reassuring smile. It only made him more suspicious, she noticed, but he did go on without her. Rigel took her time scanning the room for a receptacle of some kind, and instead spotted the person she most needed to speak with before the first task.</p>
<p>Hermione stood alone at the edge of the pavilion, picking nervously at a plate of hours d'oeuvres. Rigel abandoned her plates shamelessly on an empty table and pressed her way hurriedly toward the girl. Draco would forgive her absence for a little while.</p>
<p>"Hermione," she said, catching the muggleborn girl's eyes as she approached.</p>
<p>"Rigel." Hermione smiled in a relieved fashion. "I thought I was the only one in practical clothing for this event. Have you seen Delacour? She's in an ankle-length gown."</p>
<p>"She'll probably change after the feast," Rigel said, chuckling. She eyed Hermione's sensible jeans and sweater. "Will you be warm enough in that?"</p>
<p>Hermione raised her eyebrows. "Did Harry ask you to mother me?"</p>
<p>"No, actually." Rigel took a breath and just went for it. "I think we should team up."</p>
<p>"Tonight? Little late notice, isn't it?" Hermione's eyebrows drew together in a frown. "Aren't there rules against collusion?"</p>
<p>"Nothing explicate, which basically means it's encouraged," Rigel told her. A Slytherin had written the rules, after all.</p>
<p>"Is it really smart to pretend to work together, though? I know you feel like you need to look out for me, but we are competitors, remember," Hermione said sternly.</p>
<p>"Technically we aren't competitors until the final round. Until then, our only competition are the others in our respective groups. This is a good move for the both of us. I'm an athlete. My reactions are quick and I have the raw power to keep up a strong shield around us for some time. You're a veritable genius according to my cousin. You'll be an advantage if there are puzzles we have to solve in there. You be my smarts and I'll be your reflexes."</p>
<p>"Why do I feel like you have plenty of smarts?" Hermione asked wryly.</p>
<p>"Two heads are better than one," Rigel insisted.</p>
<p>"Two wands, too." Hermione looked tempted, but wary. "How would it work, then? We don't know where we'll be entering the forest, or even if it's in the same place."</p>
<p>"I'll find you," Rigel promised.</p>
<p>Hermione narrowed her eyes. "And I'm to just wait for your arrival?" She obviously suspected it might be a ploy to get her to waste time at the beginning of the task.</p>
<p>"No, you should head inward. I'll jog a diagonal path and catch up to you."</p>
<p>"How will you find me?" the brunette wanted to know.</p>
<p>"I can sense magic that's around me. I think I can recognize you from a fair distance," she revealed.</p>
<p>"What if you're wrong?"</p>
<p>"Then you're no worse off," Rigel said. "I really think we could help one another out, though. This task is going to be tough. The creatures in that forest are not ones anyone should have to face alone."</p>
<p>Hermione looked sharply at her. "You know what sorts of things to expect? I found a copy of <em>Hogwarts, A History</em> in the library that mentioned Acromantula and Centaurs. It was a little dated, though. Do those sort of creatures really still reside in the forest?"</p>
<p>"Those are the locals," Rigel confirmed. "There's a bunch of new creatures too, though. I'll tell you all about them if you team up with me."</p>
<p>Hermione made a face. "Tempting me with knowledge—you <em>are</em> a snake."</p>
<p>Rigel laughed. She didn't know if Hermione expected her to understand the Biblical reference or not. "I wouldn't tempt just anyone, though."</p>
<p>"I'm sure you have your pick of alliances," Hermione said shrewdly. "You're the one with the home pitch advantage, after all. I'd be a fool to refuse."</p>
<p>"We both know you're no fool."</p>
<p>Hermione huffed a laugh. "Consider me teamed, then. Do I get a jersey, too?"</p>
<p>Rigel shook her head with a triumphant grin. "Sorry. It's one of a kind. I look forward to working with you, Hermione." She held out a palm between them.</p>
<p>"And I look forward to hearing just what else we're expected to go up against tonight," Hermione returned, shaking her hand firmly.</p>
<p>"Let's talk after the feast," Rigel agreed. "Since we're already so well-dressed, I'll meet you by the forest when this lot heads down to the pitch."</p>
<p>"What's on the pitch?"</p>
<p>"The television screens everyone will be watching us on," she said, smiling innocently at Hermione's scowl of disbelief.</p>
<p>"You can't use electricity near so much latent magical energy," Hermione said briskly. "What's really down there?"</p>
<p>"If we do well enough in the tasks, you may never find out," Rigel mused.</p>
<p>"I want to know now," Hermione protested, an incredulous laugh escaping her lips. "You're just as bad as Harry, teasing me."</p>
<p>"If you see the Minister, you should ask him to explain it," Rigel suggested, eyes lit with amusement. "He's really much better at articulating the complexities than I am."</p>
<p>"Maybe I will," Hermione said, jutting her chin up in response to her challenge.</p>
<p>"He's just over there." Rigel indicated the direction of her father's mop of black hair. "While you do that, I must find Draco again. He gets a little high strung if I ignore him too long."</p>
<p>Hermione let her go, but Rigel felt the girl's intelligent brown eyes trailing after her. An alliance had been an inspired idea. Archie's friend was more than just book smart—she was quick-witted. In a crisis, the latter was where talent turned to ability.</p>
<p>Rigel sank into the crowd, weaving along with its flow until she spotted trademark platinum blond. It wasn't Draco, but his father, crossing the pavilion to greet Lord Riddle as he stepped through the entrance. She had been wondering when Riddle was going to turn up. It was his party, in a manner of speaking, and she never saw him eschew the limelight unless he had business to attend too. Shady business, at that. His path into the tent took him right by Rigel, who waved a bit disingenuously. She expected him to ignore her, but then Lucius stopped and Riddle paused alongside him.</p>
<p>"Rigel. I see Draco delivered House Malfoy's gift," he said, casting an admiring glance over her gauntlets. "I hope you found them satisfactory?"</p>
<p>"More than, Lord Malfoy," she said, bowing her head in thanks. "I am honored by the regard your house has shown me."</p>
<p>"I have not forgotten the debt that binds your house to mine," Lucius said graciously. "Use them well and do us proud."</p>
<p>"I'll do my best," she said. It was all she could offer, really.</p>
<p>"We know you will," Riddle said with a curl of amusement in his voice. "Do excuse us—we have not yet made the rounds." The two men swept away, leaving Rigel to turn in a slow circle.</p>
<p>Draco had grown over the summer, but he might not be tall enough to see in such a crush, she had to admit. Resigned to searching for her friend the hard way, she began to wander. Here and there she spotted the other eight champions making small talk or filling up on the buffet. The expression on most of their faces was universally impatient. If they felt like she did, they'd much rather be mentally preparing for the task, not expending reserves of patience and concentration they could little afford to lose.</p>
<p>"Archie," she heard over the crowd. There were only a couple of people present who would call her that, so she stopped moving and looked about her. It was James. He broke through the milieu with a sigh and put a hand on her shoulder bracingly. "How do you feel, sport? Well-rested? Get enough to eat?"</p>
<p>She grinned. "Did Aunt Lily ask you to check, or did Remus?"</p>
<p>James laughed. "It was one question from each of them. I'm also to ensure that you've not been cursed, confounded, or otherwise compromised mentally or physically."</p>
<p>Her grin softened into a fond smile. "I'm just fine, Uncle. I promise."</p>
<p>His face grew serious, and she recognized the Head Auror now in his searching gaze. "We thought you were trying to stay out of the tournament, Arch. What happened? Did someone from the SOW Party threaten you?"</p>
<p>Her father was often described by others as brave and determined. Many forgot that he was also smart—you didn't get to be Head Auror if you weren't—and those who did forget often regretted it. James had enough information from what she and Archie had sent home in carefully crafted letters to come to his own conclusions. There weren't many who benefitted from Rigel's participation in the tournament; Riddle's party benefitted twice.</p>
<p>"It wasn't threats," she told him, regret lacing her words. "I'm sorry, Uncle James, but this was an opportunity I couldn't refuse. If I win the tournament, if will be good for everyone."</p>
<p>His face was pained. "It's dangerous, Archie. We only want you to be safe. After last year—"</p>
<p>"Last year taught me valuable lessons," she interrupted. "The year before that, too. I'm stronger now, and wiser, too. I'll be as safe as may be. I hope I make you all proud."</p>
<p>"Of course we're proud," James said, deflating. "We'll be cheering harder than anyone tonight. Lily stayed home with Addy—she's in a very clingy stage, but Remus is going to try and come as soon as the moon sets."</p>
<p>Her eyes widened. "He shouldn't strain himself so soon after the transformation. I'll be just fine, D—don't worry." Bugger. She'd almost called him 'Dad.' "Tell Uncle Remus there's no need."</p>
<p>"Rampaging hippogriffs couldn't keep him away," James said firmly. He glanced around the room, eyes cataloguing everything they beheld in a sweeping judgment. He looked back at her with apology in his face. "The Minister has noticed I'm missing. Before I go, is there anything you need for tonight? I've got my Auror kit on me."</p>
<p>She shook her head. "Thanks, but I'm well-prepared. I've got enough supplies for a week of camping out in that forest."</p>
<p>James grinned. "Atta boy. Blow them all away, Arch. I'll see you after."</p>
<p>Rigel watched him go, and a pinched pocket of emotion in her chest that she hadn't really noticed carrying eased. At least one of Riddle's possible intentions had come to naught. Her family may not understand why she was participating in the tournament, but they hadn't pulled away from her for it. She should never have let even the tiniest drop of doubt creep in; she could count on her family's support no matter what.</p>
<p>When she found Draco, he was with Regulus Black, chatting animatedly about something the required hand-motions.</p>
<p>"—and it bounced into me and knocked me right off my feet! I had no idea a Fortis shield could be used that way."</p>
<p>Alarmed, Rigel cut into their conversation with an uneasy lurch in her throat. "Draco, there you are. I saw your father, but you'd wandered off."</p>
<p>Draco spun around and favored her with a scowl. "<em>I</em> wandered off? Father and I waited, but when Lord Riddle came in, he had to go greet him. Luckily, there are <em>some</em> members of your family who can be counted on to maintain social graces."</p>
<p>"Just the one," she corrected him. "Hello, Uncle Regulus. I hope you're enjoying the evening."</p>
<p>"Nephew," Regulus acknowledged. "Heir Malfoy was just recounting a duel he had with you recently. I understand you have been practicing in your free time; that is wise of you. I don't doubt those skills will be called upon before the year is over."</p>
<p>"Draco is a gifted teacher," Rigel said, smiling. "It would be foolish not to take advantage of his talents in preparing myself for the tournament."</p>
<p>"The way he tells it, you could teach in your own right," Regulus said, eyes bright with undisguised interest. "Your use of the Fortis shield sounds perfectly inspired. Where did you learn such a technique?"</p>
<p>The red flag that had risen slowly when she overheard Draco's conversation was now blowing full tilt in the breeze. Regulus had overseen construction of the arena for the free-dueling tournament that summer. If he had stayed to watch the matches, he would have seen the Fortis shield used in the way Draco described. Rigel tilted her head to the side innocently. "Oh, that? My cousin taught me. She said she saw someone down Diagon Alley practicing the move this summer. It seemed like a fun trick, so we figured out how to recreate it."</p>
<p>"Where in Diagon Alley?" Regulus asked. His voice was inflectionless, as though the answer didn't mean a thing to him. As though he were only making small talk. Except Regulus Black didn't make small talk.</p>
<p>Rigel shrugged with a slight frown. "I'm not too sure. I think she said there was a pub just off the beaten path. The Prancing Pony or something. I guess they have a big court right in front and some people were mucking about for fun there."</p>
<p>"I know the place," Regulus said slowly. "Your…cousin should be careful where she wanders. Some of those 'mucking about' down there are dangerous."</p>
<p>Her eyes widened in dismay. "I'll tell her. I'm sure she wouldn't want to get mixed up in anything unsafe. She just goes poking around for apothecaries from time to time. Says there are better bargains away from the tourist strip."</p>
<p>She saw the moment Regulus accepted her story as plausible. His lip curled slightly in contemptuous understanding. Rigel wondered if anyone had ever warned him that his habit of compartmentalizing his conceptions of people would stunt his perception. She supposed he might prefer it stunted. Some people just wanted the world to make sense, never mind whether that 'sense' had anything to do with reality.</p>
<p>"I'd advise you to keep such tricks to a minimum in the tournament," Regulus said, twisting his lips restively. "A proper pureblood doesn't stoop to cheap entertainment when he duels. If you come up against the other competitors, finish them fast, without finesse."</p>
<p>She couldn't help the way her eyebrows rose in response to his remonstration. "That style may work for some, but my dueling style is as natural to me as the way I run. To change it at this stage only risks hobbling myself. Thank you for the advice, Uncle, but if it comes to dueling, I'll simply do whatever it takes to win. Sorry in advance if that embarrasses you."</p>
<p>Regulus narrowed his eyes at her. "Let's hope you're as quick with your wand as you are with your mouth, Nephew. Good evening, Heir Malfoy."</p>
<p>Draco murmured a good evening in return, then turned to stare at Rigel with disbelief. "Are you determined to alienate everyone tonight? Your uncle is an all right bloke, you know. He was only trying to help."</p>
<p>"Regulus is always only trying to help the Family name; he gives little regard for the people who bear it," Rigel said dismissively. "He seeks to control me because he can't control my father. Sooner or later he'll have to accept that I'm my own person."</p>
<p>"You can be independent without being rude," Draco pointed out. "All you had to do is thank him for his advice and then go and do whatever you want. If he brings it up after the fact, you could just say you tried and failed to follow his advice."</p>
<p>"That only encourages more unwanted advice," she said, chuckling. "When did Pansy knock these subtle manners into you, anyway? Last year you would have been insulted on my behalf."</p>
<p>"I just worry you're pushing away allies faster then you can make them," Draco muttered.</p>
<p>"I have all the allies I need," she said, smiling reassuringly at him. "Why, I made a new one not half an hour ago while you were wandering off without me."</p>
<p>"I <em>wasn't</em> <em>wandering</em>—" Draco cut himself off with a frustrated growl. "You are determined to shred my composure at every turn, Rigel."</p>
<p>"It's overrated," she told him. "I like your candidness better."</p>
<p>"You're terrible at this game."</p>
<p>She sighed. "Oh dear. If I won't make a good poet or politician, what's left for me in this world?"</p>
<p>Draco snorted. "You make a passable clown."</p>
<p>"Good point. Maybe I can win over the other competitors with laughter." Rigel tapped her chin in mock contemplation. "Do you think humor translates across cultures?"</p>
<p>"Your humor would make a dog whine in any language," Draco said bluntly. Then he pursed his lips, considering. "Maybe as a last resort. They might groan themselves into defeat."</p>
<p>She laughed, but it didn't last long. Her friend's smile slid off his face in time with hers. Draco looked a little lost as his eyes searched her face worriedly. "Will you really be all right in there tonight?"</p>
<p>She slowly nodded. "Stay with Pansy while it happens," she requested.</p>
<p>He agreed easily. They stared at one another in solemn sobriety for a moment, and Rigel reflected that when it came down to it, there weren't any words that could rationalize or make palatable what she was about to do. Their reverie was broken by the amplified clearing of a full throat. Ludo Bagman was calling the gathering to attention in the most abrupt way imaginable.</p>
<p>"Ladies and gentlemen, champions, Minister, Lord Riddle, thank you all for coming! In a few moments, the champions will leave to prepare themselves for the night's events, and we invite you all to adjourn to the Quidditch Pitch where your VIP stadium boxes await." Bagman waited while the polite murmurs of excitement pittered in and out. "Contestants, you have one hour to make yourselves ready and meet back at the Gamekeeper's cabin. Good luck!"</p>
<p>"An hour," Draco repeated, frowning. "That's a while yet."</p>
<p>"Most of the others have to change," Rigel said. "I have some business to take care of, in any case."</p>
<p>He stared at her. "Now?"</p>
<p>"Yes," she said, blinking innocently. "Now."</p>
<p>Draco sighed and stuck his hand out to grasp hers firmly. "Be careful, Rye. Good luck."</p>
<p>"Thanks." She watched him melt into the churning crowd to find his parents. A steady string of glittering people she'd never met before touched her shoulder or elbow on their way by and offered their well wishes and words of confidence. She tried to smile politely at them, but by the dozenth anonymous congratulation she could feel the expression straining.</p>
<p>Rigel started making her way toward one of the exits, more than ready to get out of the tent and back into the night air. Minister Fudge and his entourage passed nearby her and she heard the portly politician saying irritably, "…better be more stable than the last one," to a blank faced Regulus Black. She supposed the ordinary Quidditch stands wouldn't be sufficient to hold all the extra spectators. It spoke of Regulus' extensive political connections that he was allowed the contract for the tournament after what happened at the World Cup.</p>
<p>Sirius caught her as she slipped outside, steering her away from prying eyes and around the back of the tent where it was quieter. He hugged her hard, almost as though he couldn't help himself. "I have something for you," he said after a deep breath. He let her go to reach into his pocket and un-shrink something a small bag about the size of her head. "James has been asking around the office, and Remus and I have been reaching out to all our old contacts as well. Information on this tournament is being kept close, but we managed to ferret out a few things you should know. I didn't want to risk a letter, since interference in a tournament this political would be bad news for all of us, but—Archie, I don't know how to tell you. There's a <em>dragon</em>—"</p>
<p>"Dad, I know," she said lowly, glancing around to make sure there were no prying ears nearby. "I can talk to snakes, remember? I just asked one of the forest serpents to scout around for me. Thank you, and thank the others for looking for information for me, but you don't have to worry. I have a plan for the dragon." Sort of. If running away counted as a plan.</p>
<p>Sirius's worry melted into surprise before he beamed at her. "Good man! Right, then. This is from Remus and me." He held out the sack to her curious fingers. "Officially, James has no part in it." He winked at her, and she smiled back. Her family was really the best, sometimes. Not everyone's relatives would risk political fallout for one another.</p>
<p>She opened the bag and pulled out items one by one. First was a bundle of barrier buttons. "These will be useful," she murmured, nodding gratefully. Next she withdrew a roll of…stickers? "Do I need to accessorize or something?" she joked.</p>
<p>"They'll muffle the sound of anything you stick 'em to," Sirius said conspiratorially. "For your shoes."</p>
<p>Rigel grinned. "Brilliant, Dad. When did you come up with that?"</p>
<p>"Marauder Inc. has been busy this month," Sirius said loftily. "Keep going."</p>
<p>She took a small cylinder from the bag and held it up to her nose to read in the gathering darkness. "Fire Free Burn Baste? Is it some kind of cooking spray?"</p>
<p>Sirius chuckled. "We originally designed it as a sort of 'impress your friend by walking through fire' gag, but I've beefed up the recipe for you. Mist it over your clothes and skin, and it'll absorb heat that registers above your body temperature. It only lasts about four hours, but I'm hoping it'll hold off dragon fire just long enough for you to run. Granted, we haven't tested it against anything more potent than the fireplace, so don't go thinking you're invincible."</p>
<p>"This is amazing, Dad. Thank you. And thank Remus, and—"</p>
<p>"Pup, you don't have to thank us. Just come back safe," Sirius said, putting a hand on her head and smiling wanly at her. "I don't know what I'd do if I ever lost you, Arch."</p>
<p>"You won't ever have to find out," she promised. At least, even if everything else somehow went wrong in the forest, she knew that she could keep that one promise. Archie would be safe.</p>
<p>Sirius cleared his throat and shook his head embarrassedly. "Anyway, there's one more thing, from Lily." He dropped a perfectly circular disk of obsidian into her hand. It had a small hole drilled through the center where a string threaded through. "To be honest, I don't know exactly what it does, but she was adamant you wear it. I told her it wasn't your style, but you know how women are."</p>
<p>Rigel favored him with an unimpressed look and brought the stone up to squint at it more carefully. "There's some sort of runic shorthand here, but it's miniscule. I'd need a magnifying spell to read it. She didn't tell you what it does?"</p>
<p>"She tried, but it's a bit above me," Sirius admitted. "I gather it's something she's been experimenting with on and off for a while, and since she's been given a leave of absence from work, she's devoted most of her time to perfecting it. Supposedly it can detect different types of magic headed toward you based on its frequency and vector, and some other stuff that sounded pretty technical…and I think it's some kind of defense mechanism. Lily can explain better when you see her next. She says you don't have to activate it or anything; just wear it, and it will work when it needs to."</p>
<p>"That's ominous," Rigel muttered. Still, she dutifully tied the string to her belt as she added, "If Aunt Lily invented it, it's probably both brilliant and terrifying." She stored the rest of the items methodically, placing them in pockets she would remember. Two of the stickers went onto her boots immediately.</p>
<p>"I suppose that's all I can do you for, son," Sirius said, looking reluctant to go.</p>
<p>She gave him her best Archie-smile. The one that said nothing in the world could bring him down. "I've got this, Dad. I'll see you after and we'll celebrate how amazingly cool I look on mirror-vision."</p>
<p>Sirius allowed himself to grin back at her. "I bet it adds ten pounds."</p>
<p>"Of muscle? Try to catch all the girls who swoon."</p>
<p>"It would be a twist of fate if the papers tomorrow weren't about the first task but instead the witches, young and old, who fell to their deaths at the sight of the chubby Hogwarts champion," Sirius mused.</p>
<p>"Dad," she protested. "I'm not fat."</p>
<p>"I'm only saying you'll probably <em>look</em> fat," he corrected her.</p>
<p>She sighed dramatically. "Go, now. I refuse to be tormented so before my big moment." When Sirius hesitated, clearly torn, she said, more seriously, "Really, Dad. I've got to get ready. See you after?"</p>
<p>"Right after," he promised. "Knock 'em out, kid. I love you."</p>
<p>"Love you, too."</p>
<p>He left, and Rigel took a moment to breathe deeply before squaring her shoulders. She still had work to do, and the first task drew near.</p>
<p>She cut through the night toward Hagrid's hut. A twinkling, floating beacon of light hung suspended in the air above it, she supposed in case any of the competitors weren't sure where exactly it was located. Hermione was pacing before the garden gate when Rigel arrived.</p>
<p>"You're here, good," Hermione said with a tense smile. "Give me all the facts, please."</p>
<p>Rigel leaned against the fence and began the rundown of what the girl should expect in the Dark Forest. "You know about the Acromantula and the Centaurs. The spiders are bigger than anything you're probably imagining. The books will tell you they grow about horse-sized, but the ones in this forest can be twice that tall. Their hides are resistant to spells, and their bite will poison."</p>
<p>"Are they fast?" Hermione asked, chewing on her lips.</p>
<p>"Very. And they eat people," she added, grimacing. "So best to steer clear. The centaurs of course are Beings, which means they can come after you with <em>intelligence</em>. The local herd hates intruders and about eighty percent of them will attack a human on sight. Some will leave children alone, but not if they bear weapons—which we do, as they consider a wand to be combative."</p>
<p>"Okay," Hermione said weakly. "Avoid the spiders and the centaurs. What else?"</p>
<p>Rigel leveled a serious look at the other girl. "I'll be honest, Hermione. Most of my plans tonight involve avoiding and running away. Also in the forest are manticores, quintapeds, trolls, chimera, snallygasters, runespoors, and at least one Peruvian Vipertooth. Plus the Sphinx."</p>
<p>"A dragon?" She began to pace again. "What are they playing at? It can't possibly be humane to keep all those creatures locked up in the same place. Then again, maybe they'll be busy fighting one another and won't notice us."</p>
<p>"They'll probably be confined to their own areas," Rigel offered.</p>
<p>"It's still an enormous risk they're putting us to," Hermione muttered. "And this only the first task."</p>
<p>"Riddle wants to start it with a bang," Rigel reasoned. "Also, we'll be monitored while we're in the forest, remember."</p>
<p>"But even if we shoot up red sparks as soon as we see the dragon, it still might roast us before help arrives," Hermione said flatly.</p>
<p>Rigel had to admit, that was probably true. Unless they had Medi-wizards standing by in secret throughout the forest. Somehow, she doubted that would be the case.</p>
<p>"So, we avoid as many creatures as we can, and when we can't, we run away," Hermione reiterated. Her face twisted in concern. "We could never outrun a chimera. Nor most of the other things."</p>
<p>"We use just enough magic to slow it down or stop it long enough to get away," Rigel amended. "If we have to engage something, here's the plan: for spiders and centaurs, target the legs; for quintapeds and chimera, the underbelly; for manticores and dragons, the eyes; for snallygasters, the wings; for trolls, the top of the skull. The sphinx will only try and gut us if we can't answer its riddle, so at least there's a chance for civility there. Got all that?"</p>
<p>"And runespoors?" Hermione asked impatiently. "Which head is poisonous again?"</p>
<p>"I'll take care of the runespoors," she said. "But it's the right head."</p>
<p>"Fine, then. Legs, underbelly, eyes, wings, skull. Got it, thanks." Hermione's face was a lot scarier when she was processing information, Rigel realized as she watched the girl think furiously. She looked a bit like Lily in the midst of a challenging project, actually.</p>
<p>"Step one is meeting up, though," Rigel said. "It's unlikely we'll all be sent into the forest together. If we are, great, but if not I'll find you right off."</p>
<p>"I'll try to travel on a straight vector to help you find me," Hermione agreed.</p>
<p>"Let's talk about strengths and weaknesses, now," Rigel suggested. "Can you ride a broom?"</p>
<p>"I—no," the girl said sourly. "They don't agree with me."</p>
<p>"Ok, I'll teach you that sometime before the next task," Rigel said, making a mental note. "It'll be useful one day, I promise. We won't need the extra broom, then."</p>
<p>"You brought brooms?" Hermione asked, sounding incredulous.</p>
<p>"Of course. Just in case. I already know you can Heal. How fast can you run?"</p>
<p>Hermione winced. "I'm more of a yoga and Pilates girl, but I won't fall behind."</p>
<p>Rigel considered this. Assuming those were workout regimens that didn't involve running, she supposed Hermione could probably sustain a ten or eleven minute per mile pace if necessary. Not forever, though. "Okay. Harry says you're good with Charms and Transfigurations, yes?" Hermione nodded, looking sure of herself. "Dueling?"</p>
<p>"Just in Defense class," she said. "It's normally very structured. I have been working on silent casting, though."</p>
<p>"That's great," Rigel said. "All right. If you're comfortable with it, I'll take lead in the forest. With my sensing ability I can steer us around nearby dangers quickly. Are you fine with taking direction unless you disagree with a course of action?"</p>
<p>Hermione took a moment to think it over, but nodded decisively once she'd made up her mind.</p>
<p>"And one more thing," Rigel added. "If I tell you to duck or get behind me, just do it, okay? It's not a chivalry thing. There just might come a time you don't want to be standing in front of me. Now, items. What have you brought?"</p>
<p>"Basic first aid kit, water, a bezoar…and an extra hair tie." Hermione grinned sheepishly and fingered her wildly curly ponytail. "I thought a wand would be all I needed, though, really."</p>
<p>"It probably will be," Rigel said, "But you never know."</p>
<p>"Were you a boy scout or something?" Hermione asked, amused.</p>
<p>Rigel didn't know exactly what that was, but she smiled back. "Why, are male scouts known to be particularly paranoid?"</p>
<p>"<em>Prepared</em> is the word they use." Hermione laughed softly. "It's not a bad thing. What have you brought, then?"</p>
<p>"My potions kit, which includes first aid potions as well. A cloak to better blend into the forest after the task starts. A could of knives in case I lose my wand, food and water for a few days—"</p>
<p>"Days?" Hermione spluttered.</p>
<p>"Just in case," she reiterated. "You—"</p>
<p>"Never know, I know." The other girl waved her on. "Anything else?"</p>
<p>"Several things," Rigel said, smiling self-deprecatingly. With a sudden thought, she fished the roll of stickers Sirius had just given her out of her pocket. "In fact, here. Put one on each shoe."</p>
<p>"Trackers?" Hermione guessed.</p>
<p>"Sound mufflers," Rigel corrected. She followed the stickers with the canister of Fire Free. "Hold still and close your eyes and mouth real quick."</p>
<p>"What? No way, what is that?" Hermione balked.</p>
<p>"It'll hopefully keep us from being roasted alive by the dragon. No promises, but it should at least lessen the impact." Rigel handed the can over for her inspection. "You can spray me first, if you like."</p>
<p>Hermione squinted at the label dubiously. "I've never heard of this."</p>
<p>"It's not for sale anywhere yet," Rigel admitted. "My family invented it. They wouldn't give it to me if it wasn't safe."</p>
<p>The other girl grimaced, but held the nozzle toward herself gamely and began to mist the thick cloud that emerged over her legs. Rigel helped her cover the areas she couldn't reach, and Hermione did the same for her. When they were sufficiently coated in the substance, which left a somewhat oily feeling on her skin but at least didn't have a noticeable odor, Rigel packed the items in her bag.</p>
<p>Krum was the first of the other champions to arrive. He was dressed in shorts and a fitted, sleeveless top that showed off his fitness. He gave them a suspicious look, but began stretching near the fire without comment. Feiyan Shang arrived soon after, devoid of her usual makeup, with her hair secure in a simple bun at the back of her head. She wore leggings with a long tunic adorned with an animalistic mask in embroidered silk on the back. Krum paused in his warm up to remark, "The Tao-tie, yes?"</p>
<p>Feiyan blinked at him in surprise. "It is. Symbols are important." She gestured to Rigel's Hogwarts jersey and the Bulgarian flag on the pocket of Krum's shorts.</p>
<p>Tahiil came jogging across the lawn in a set of warm-looking sweats, his usual cheerful expression undauntedly in place. "Good night for a walk in the woods," he said, gesturing to the full moon above their heads. Hermione murmured a few words of polite agreement, but in truth none of the others seemed much in the mood for conversation.</p>
<p>Antiope arrived next, wielding a sword as long as her arm. At the incredulous stares she received from Hermione and Tahiil, she grunted. "What? He said we could bring anything." She, too, wore gauntlets, though hers jutted out beyond her elbows in sharp points. Besides Rigel, she was the only other one who'd chosen boots over trainers.</p>
<p>"Can I hold it?" Tahiil asked, looking awed at the redhead's weapon. "Please, Antiope?"</p>
<p>Antiope frowned. "No. But you may touch it while I hold it."</p>
<p>The Somali boy happily did so, running a careful finger along the gleaming blade. "So many etchings. What do they mean?"</p>
<p>"Most of them are runes for protection, strength, and durability," Antiope said shortly.</p>
<p>While they were talking, Sousa, Owens, and Delacour all joined them around the fire. Fleur and Jacob greeted the assembled, but Matheus was quiet. The Brazilian contestant wore denim trousers with a sweatshirt and seemed less than his normal suave self. He stared somewhat listlessly into the fire while swaying ever so slightly in the breeze.</p>
<p>Owens, at least, appeared ready for the first task. His expression was absolutely set, and none of the worry or nervousness that shone on other faces reflected in his. With a set of Ilvermorny shorts and a long sleeve shirt, he looked confident and collected. When he caught Rigel studying him, he winked.</p>
<p>Fleur, resplendent in a deep blue tracksuit, made her way closer to the fence where Rigel and Hermione were standing. "I zaw you two whispering at ze feast," she remarked, hauntingly beautiful eyes glancing between them. "You must have a plan, no?"</p>
<p>"Could be," Rigel said, giving nothing away with her expression. "Hard to make plans when we don't know what the task really is yet, though, don't you think?"</p>
<p>"Oui. I do. Now you understand ze curiosity I feel." Her eyes were definitely suspicious. She thought Rigel and Hermione might know something she didn't. Well, she was right, but Rigel was under no obligation to tell her so.</p>
<p>"I understand," Rigel assured the girl. "Unfortunately we don't know the specifics of the task any more than you do. Hermione was only asking me about the creatures in the forest—since I have the home pitch advantage, it's only fair I share what I know."</p>
<p>"Share, zen," Fleur invited her, smiling mockingly. Her ponytail fell across her shoulders as she tilted her head to show she was listening.</p>
<p>Rigel shrugged. "I'm sure by now everyone knows. There are centaurs, thestrals, spiders, snakes, and unicorns in the forest here. I think the real challenge will be whatever the organizers have added to the forest since they put those wards up."</p>
<p>"I tried to fly over them," Krum put in unexpectedly. "There vas no opening. The vards extend over the trees. I suspect something vith vings."</p>
<p>"Very likely," Hermione agreed, nodding her head slowly as though this fact was new to her. "Excellent deduction, Mr. Krum."</p>
<p>Krum raised his eyebrows at the praise. "Thank you, Her-mee-on. Just Victor, please."</p>
<p>"Should we really be on a first name basis?" Antiope broke in. "We might have to fight to the death in there."</p>
<p>Rigel couldn't tell if she was joking. Just in case, she said, "I think the other competitors are the least of our concern tonight. If I know Riddle, he'll have several very nasty surprises in there. Focusing on anything but the creatures we face could have grave consequences."</p>
<p>"Very true, Mr. Black."</p>
<p>Riddle had arrived. He gestured for the nine competitors to gather around him and produced a delicate cloth bag from his robe sleeve. "I trust you have all made the appropriate preparations for tonight. It is time to reveal exactly what your task entails." He reached into the sack and withdrew a stack of parchment. With deft motions he began to hand them out to each of the champions. Rigel was careful not to let his skin touch hers as she accepted her piece of parchment. Looking down at it, she blinked. It looked like one half of a Teacher Tracker pairing. Just a blank piece of parchment with concentric rings demarking relative distance to the center point. Off toward the forest, a single dot sat motionless on the outer-most ring.</p>
<p>"Those dots represent the prize you will be seeking. While all nine items are collocated, you will know which one is yours when you reach it. You must see to it that your item exits the forest before the sun rises. Taking the item of another champion who has already retrieved his or hers will not afford you points." Riddle glanced around to ensure they heeded his words. "Flip your papers over and you will notice a randomly assigned number. That is your starting position. When you see green sparks fly high above this cottage, the wards around the competition zone will lower for three seconds."</p>
<p>"How will we get back out, then?" Hermione asked.</p>
<p>Riddle's eyes flickered toward the girl. With an empty smile, he said, "If you reach the forest edge and send up green sparks, the wards will be lowered for you to cross."</p>
<p>Hermione nodded, fingering her piece of parchment with worrying hands. "Thank you, Sir."</p>
<p>Rigel caught a glimpse of Hermione's number as the parchment twisted in the light. She was number two. Rigel had five, which she deduced meant she was to start in the middle. Somehow, starting with the easiest position didn't give her confidence in the supposed randomness of the number allocation.</p>
<p>The politician was still explaining, so she put her thoughts on the back burner. "These headbands are to be worn at all times while you are in the forest." He began drawing colored bands from his bag and distributed those as well. "As we speak, the spectators are gathered in the expanded Quidditch pitch. There, nine great mirrors have been erected to display the happenings of this task to the audience. Each of your bands is color-coordinated to match the corresponding mirror that displays your field of view. I warn you: once the inside bands are touching your skin, they activate, and anything you look at from that point on, the spectators see as well. I'm sure I don't have to iterate plainly what activities you shouldn't broadcast."</p>
<p>With varying grimaces and trepidatious expressions of discomfort, they all nodded.</p>
<p>"Does sound transmit as well?" Owens asked, eyeing his yellow band with interest.</p>
<p>"It does, but in order to lessen the burden on the viewers, only one headband's sound is amplified in the stadium at any given time." Riddle handed Rigel her band last. She inspected it carefully, noting the small inset stones and intricate rune derivations running like ants along the outside of it. The material stretched comfortably in her hand. "You have your instructions, champions," Riddle said. A house elf will escort you to your starting position in five minutes. In case of emergency, send up red sparks. Otherwise… I'll see you at the finish line."</p>
<p>He left them to their thoughts. Many of the contestants began inspecting their parchments for more clues, but Rigel didn't bother. She was pretty sure they had just put a Teacher Tracker on the items they were to retrieve. They would have a beacon to guide them through the forest, but no terrain map of any kind to make it easier.</p>
<p>She stepped close to Hermione, and when no one was looking their way, she swapped their parchments quickly. Hermione frowned at her. "I don't think we're allowed to switch," the brown-eyed girl murmured. "Each parchment probably leads to one item."</p>
<p>"They're collocated," Rigel said. "It's better if you start in the middle and I cut my way diagonally across the forest toward you. This way, you can just move straight ahead toward the items until I find you."</p>
<p>Hermione frowned. "I don't mean to take the easy end of our bargain."</p>
<p>"I don't mind the run," Rigel promised. She felt a slight warming under her skin—the Vow wasn't outright forbidding her course of action, but she walked a thin line in trading a good starting spot for an easier time meeting up with Hermione, whose skills she felt would definitely increase her chances of success. The heat settled, and she let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. There was some subjectivity to the Vow, then. Good.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the house elves were there and there was no more time to plan. Rigel showed her elf the number two piece of parchment and she was led quite a ways along the tree line before coming to a stop on a little patch of grass that glowed in the moonlight. Fleur, who had the number one parchment, gave her an unreadable look as she passed. There was enough room between each contestant that Rigel could see neither Fleur nor Krum, who had number three, by the time she fished her cloak from her bag and put it on over her jersey. She took the time to coat her cloak with Fire Free as well, but eventually the moment came to don her headband, which was emerald green. She fit it carefully against her forehead, making sure not to catch her emergency ear piece as she slid it into a comfortable place.</p>
<p>Once it was on, she was careful not to move her head too much. She looked straight ahead into the trees. She kept her breathing light and even, just in case they happened to be transmitting her sound over on the pitch. Rigel briefly entertained the idea of inspecting her fingernails cheekily. She squelched it, though. It was not the time for frivolity.</p>
<p>When the sparks finally came, it was almost anti-climactic. Just a flash of green light in the distance and the barrier before her dropped away. She stepped over the boundary and stopped. She was sure by now the other champions were running, but Rigel needed to listen, first. The sound she needed to hear didn't keep her waiting long.</p>
<p>"<em>Ssspeaker, you have come asss promisssed."</em></p>
<p>"<em>Treessslider,"</em> she hissed, crouching down to the snake's level. <em>"Are you prepared for a long night ahead?" </em></p>
<p>"<em>Yesss. I have ssscouted tirelessssly for the Ssspeaker."</em> Treeslider wriggled closer and lifted his head up in anticipation. <em>"I will sssteer you true."</em></p>
<p>"<em>I put my faith in you,"</em> Rigel said. She extended her arm to help the green snake coil up it until he was comfortably wrapped around her left bicep, his head near her neck so she could hear him better. <em>"Hold on tight."</em></p>
<p>She held the parchment map in one hand and her wand in the other. The moonlight just managed to penetrate through the forest canopy and illuminate the dot that was her eventual destination. Sighting a path between it and what she judged to be Hermione's starting point, she began to run.</p>
<p>Treeslider immediately began a litany of tiny instructions, correcting her left, right, right again, and once even bidding her to climb through a particularly dense patch of brush. The routes he insisted she take were not those that would seem appealing to a human; most of the time she was off any semblance of a path. Still, she listened and she stepped wherever he told her: this was his home, not hers, and she didn't doubt the paths would be the easiest places for both large creatures to roam and traps to be set.</p>
<p>At once point, when she stopped to let Treeslider sniff the air with his tongue, she heard a noise somewhere behind them. She focused her attention on her rudimentary magic sensitivity and realized someone was following them, moving steadily through the forest on the trail she'd just blazed with Treeslider. It had to be Delacour, she supposed, since she was the only champion further out than Rigel on their side. She decided to ignore the girl for now. If she knew where she was, Fleur couldn't sneak up on her. Really, it was smart for Delacour to try following Rigel, if she assumed Rigel knew where she was going. It's not as though her trail through the forest was hard to miss, strewn with bent branches and trampled brush as it was.</p>
<p>Treeslider had scented a pack of Thestrals, but wasn't concerned by them. Rigel began to run again, zigzagging this way and that along a path that would look ludicrous if anyone mapped it. Still, she'd made good progress without coming across anything more dangerous than a bowtruckle, so she mentally promised Treeslider a hundred fat mice and kept to his instructions.</p>
<p>"<em>There isss a trap up ahead,"</em> Treeslider hissed in her ear. She slowed. "<em>Sssoft sssand that drawsss you in. We mussst crosss, but keep to the fallen treesss."</em></p>
<p>Rigel nodded her understanding and moved forward at a more cautious rate. It was hard to see in the moonlight, particularly as she'd decided to forego the Night Vision Brew in deference to the possibility of being blinded by an unexpected light, but there was a noticeable difference when the soil gave way to unnatural silt. The quicksand was likely something the tournament organizers had fashioned. She followed Treeslider's instructions and jumped up onto a large log. Carefully balancing, Rigel moved swiftly from one such log to another, ever aware that with a misstep, quagmire awaited her on either side. At an unexpected noise she paused, listening hard. It was coming from the quicksand.</p>
<p>She peered through the darkness and risked calling up a light and brandishing her wand toward the source. It sounded like… cursing. Slavic cursing, she realized. It was Krum, both legs sunk into the quicksand at the thigh. He squinted back at her through the light and cursed again. Well, she couldn't stay too long with the Vow already egging her feet on, but it cost her nothing to conjure a rope and banish it in his direction. He was a strong guy. He could fix it to something with a sticking charm and pull himself out.</p>
<p>Rigel was approaching the vector that Hermione ought to be traveling along, so she projected her sensitivity until it was stretched thin to find the girl. "To the right," she told the snake.</p>
<p>Treeslider hissed unhappily. <em>"Ssspidersss that way. Fassster, Ssspeaker." </em></p>
<p>Hermione wasn't moving very fast, and Rigel didn't doubt she was worried about their paths missing one another. It was a matter of minutes until Rigel closed in on her location. Hermione's magic was the brightest and warmest against her senses in the area, but as she grew closer and allowed her sensitivity perception to shrink again, she noticed another, much fainter trace of magic right above her. Hermione was not alone.</p>
<p>Rigel barreled into the clearing just as the spider began to descend. "Accio Hermione!" The girl flew off her feet toward Rigel with an indignant yelp. The spider hit the ground and scuttled angrily around to fix its many eyes on them.</p>
<p>Hermione rolled upright and stared at it. "Mother of God," she whispered. Then she shot a stunner toward its harry belly. The red light fizzled harmlessly against the Acromantula, and both girls darted backwards away from it as it reared in annoyance.</p>
<p>"The legs, Hermione," Rigel reminded her. "Tie them on the left side. Now!" Rigel snapped out an Impedimenta just as Hermione mustered an Incarcerous. The Acromantula didn't stop, but it slowed just enough for Hermione's spell to wrap two of its legs together on one side. It stumbled. Rigel followed with a second Incarcerous and down went the other two legs on that same side. Now, when it tried to scuttle toward them, it only managed to turn in a circle.</p>
<p>Already the spider was snapping its fangs in the direction of the rope. It was time to run. She grabbed Hermione's hand and towed her along until the girl's feet caught up with her mind and she was running alongside her. Treeslider's instructions took them off the path immediately and they fought their way through a thick tangle of bramble until the snake said it was safe to stop.</p>
<p>Hermione bent double, gasping for air. "You weren't kidding about the size of those things. That's got to be the biggest spider on earth."</p>
<p>"I think the head of the family is a lot bigger," she said, pulling out water and gulping for a second before adding, "And Hagrid says that one can <em>talk</em>."</p>
<p>Hermione shuddered. "No thank you," she muttered. She sucked down some of her own water before straightening. "All right. You found me, good. How far are we from the items?"</p>
<p>Rigel checked the parchment. "Another half mile, it looks like. We're making good time."</p>
<p>"I didn't run into much before the Acromantula," Hermione commented. "Did you?"</p>
<p>"Just some quicksand over toward where Krum started out. Treeslider here is keeping me out of trouble." Rigel gestured to the snake, which Hermione seemed to notice for the first time judging by her widening eyes.</p>
<p>"Right. Harry did say you speak to snakes. That's…useful." She tightened her ponytail. "Ready, then? I'm recovered."</p>
<p>"Me too. Let's go."</p>
<p>They traveled helter-skelter through the forest, and Hermione, to her credit, didn't complain or hesitate when Rigel relayed Treeslider's navigational instructions in a low, constant stream. At one point they slowed from the jog they'd been maintaining and Rigel listened carefully to what Treeslider was telling her.</p>
<p>"We have to go through centaur territory to get to the items," she told Hermione quietly. "If they catch us, it could be bad."</p>
<p>"Could be?" Hermione said hopefully.</p>
<p>"Depends on their mood," Rigel admitted. "Sometimes they let kids go, sometimes not. Since they're already incensed at being trapped in this part of the forest and cut off from the rest of their territory, I say we don't risk it."</p>
<p>Hermione looked indignant, and it took a second for Rigel to realize it was on the centaur's behalf. "What an awful thing to do to sentient creatures," she said.</p>
<p>They moved forward at a slower pace, listening for disturbances and making as little noise as possible. Rigel pushed her sensitivity out as far as she could, and once or twice she picked up individual sparks of magic across her senses, likely scouts, Treeslider told her. The main herd, or however many of them had been trapped in the wards, at least, wasn't within her sensing range.</p>
<p>The two girls were crouched low behind a ridge of underbrush as one of the centaur scouts passed dangerously close when a runespoor shot out from a burrow beside them and made to take Rigel by surprise.</p>
<p>"<em>Don't you dare!"</em> Treeslider snapped his head toward the attacking runespoor, making it abort the movement mid-lunge. <em>"No one touchesss the Ssspeaker." </em></p>
<p>The runespoor coiled in on itself, all three heads swiveling to look at Treeslider and Rigel. <em>"A Ssspeaker? Isss it true?"</em> the left head asked.</p>
<p>"<em>It can't be,"</em> another head argued.</p>
<p>"<em>Ssshow usss, Ssspeaker,"</em> the last head insisted.</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. The centaur scout was coming closer in her awareness. They couldn't afford to make so much noise. Very, very softly she said, <em>"I am a Ssspeaker."</em> The three heads all moaned their apologies and begged forgiveness. <em>"I will forgive and forget thisss matter… if you dissstract that cccentaur over the ridge. In recompenssse for attacking me, you ssshall not bite any human thisss night.</em>"</p>
<p>She wasn't honestly sure the snakes would go for that, since they didn't know her or have any reason to be loyal to her, but figured it was worth a shot. To her relief, the runespoor hissed in pleased acceptance and darted away toward the looming presence of the centaur scout. When the two sparks collided in her awareness, Rigel led Hermione quietly away from the scene.</p>
<p>"Did you just make that snake do your bidding?" Hermione asked tentatively. She didn't sound approving.</p>
<p>"I just asked nicely," Rigel said, smiling innocently. "Snakes are very kind and helpful creatures, you know. Possibly the most altruistic of all animals." She thought the Slytherins watching their progress on the mirrors might appreciate the joke, if either her or Hermione's sound was being broadcast.</p>
<p>Once out of centaur territory, they made it another quarter mile in a handful of minutes. They were so close to the dot on the map, now. Just a little further.</p>
<p>A worldless hiss of warning had Rigel stopping immediately in place, hauling Hermione to a halt beside her. As soon as they stopped moving, she heard it: a crashing wave of disruption headed straight toward them. They dove behind a large tree trunk and froze as the sound approached.</p>
<p>Something immense tore through the canopy and into the clearing they'd just been jogging through. A bellowing roar filled their ears and a stench—so awful it could only belong to one creature—invaded their nostrils.</p>
<p><em>Troll</em>, Hermione mouthed at her in the darkness. Rigel nodded. Hermione raised her wand and tapped herself on the head. She disappeared before Rigel's eyes, and Rigel grinned. Gesturing to her own head, she silently asked Hermione to do her as well. She felt a shiver like egg yoke going down her spine, and when she looked down she was a mere shimmer in the night. On silenced feet, they crept around the trunk to peer at the troll.</p>
<p>The big, ugly creature sat mournfully in the middle of the clearing, clutching its club in one hand and its head in the other. Blood ran steadily from a gash across its temple. Someone had already had a run-in with this big guy. It bellowed in pain and frustration as it prodded the gash again, and Rigel almost felt sorry for it.</p>
<p>Hermione tugged her wrist and Rigel tried to follow her around the clearing without being able to see her. It helped that she could sense the girl's general location with her magic. They made it halfway around the clearing before the troll jerked its head around and sniffed the air in their general direction. They stilled. Great globs of drool dripped from the troll's clunky, uneven teeth, and it rose unsteadily and began lumbering toward them. The girls ran, darting around trees and foliage, even as the troll roared its displeasure and bounded after its invisible prey.</p>
<p>Rigel spotted a hollowed out root system and tugged Hermione toward it. "Down here," she panted. There were numerous accidental elbows and knees caught in soft places as the two of them tried to simultaneously squeeze under the arching roots and into the hollow left by the soil below. Somehow, they managed it before the troll came lumbering into sight.</p>
<p>It stood there, gaping around itself, sniffing at the air in annoyance. The troll seemed to have no idea what to do next. She gathered it wasn't much of a hunter, really. In the meantime, they were effectively trapped. The soil beneath them was damp, and the entire enclosure smelled of rot. The sensation forced its way into her head, spreading like a damp fog despite her best attempt to clear her thoughts and calm her heart.</p>
<p>The darkness seemed to close in around her. She knew Hermione was next to her, but she couldn't see her. It just felt like a body crammed into the space beside her, and rot rose up in a wave to envelop her in memories and panicked anxiety.</p>
<p>"Rigel," Hermione whispered, nudging her in the arm. Treeslider hissed where she brushed against his scales. The sounds, the movement, called her back somewhat, and she realized she was breathing too fast, and shaking. "What is it?"</p>
<p>Rigel shuddered. "I need. My bag." The words were scarcely more than a sigh. The troll was still there, still shuffling in a dumb circle just outside their hollow. Rigel struggled to focus her mind, but it was like trying to hold burning sand in her hands. She flinched away, the sand slipped out, and she was only vaguely aware of Hermione's hands probing slowly through her pockets.</p>
<p>"It's here, but I can't selectively disillusion it," Hermione whispered. Rigel put all her attention on the words. Those words. Their meaning. Right, her bag was as invisible as she was. That's how a Disillusionment Charm worked. Hermione wouldn't be able to see what was in it.</p>
<p>"Put it in my hand," Rigel mumbled on numb lips. Her heart rate was still climbing, and she could feel her breath getting shorter and faster still. When her bag was pressed into her palm, though, something in her relaxed marginally. Some deep fear was relieved just by the knowledge that her bag and everything in it was already in her hand. She shifted sideways slowly and gave Hermione room to enlarge it. She couldn't focus her magic properly to do it herself, but somehow Hermione knew that.</p>
<p>It was a matter of moments to feel her way around the internal pockets and close her fist around the vial she needed. She withdrew the invisible potion within and uncorked it with a slight snick. Rigel tossed the whole thing back, then reached into her bag and drew out another. She drank that one too, and with the second dose came a rush of pure, numb tranquility that almost brought tears to her eyes. Thank Merlin for Calming Draughts.</p>
<p>Her mind cleared quickly, shoving her back into the situation at hand. She and Hermione were still stuck in a root hollow, there was still a troll prowling the clearing that was their only exit, and now she had some fast explaining to do.</p>
<p>"Sorry," she breathed. She quickly packed the empty vials away and closed her bag. She didn't re-shrink it, though. "I don't like small spaces. I'm fine now. How's your inanimate to animate Transfiguration?"</p>
<p>"My—Oh!" Hermione whisper-shouted. "You want to try to fool it?"</p>
<p>"It does look remarkably thick."</p>
<p>"I've got it."</p>
<p>She couldn't see what Hermione was doing, but she saw when a fallen branch picked itself off the ground and twisted itself into a small deer. The magic-made creature was unsteady on its feet, but remarkably life-like in the poor light. It stumbled into the clearing proper, alerting the troll to its presence. Under Hermione's direction, the deer jerked itself into a mad dash through the brush on the troll's other side.</p>
<p>With an excited bellow, the troll sprinted after it.</p>
<p>Hermione and Rigel immediately clambered out of the hollow and Hermione cancelled their Disillusionment. Rigel dusted a few cobwebs from her hair and pretended not to notice Hermione's critical gaze. She was fine. A little bit <em>too</em> fine, as she'd overdone the Calming Draught while brewing again, but nevertheless. Fine.</p>
<p>She checked the map, looked Treeslider over for injuries, and said, "Good Transfiguration, Hermione."</p>
<p>Hermione sighed, but smiled grimly. "It won't last five minutes. Better get a move on."</p>
<p>They had been so close when the troll waylaid them, and they found themselves nearly on top of their map dots in just a few short minutes of running. The clearing the girls emerged into was vast—artificially so. There were still discolored patches of soil where the trees had recently been ripped out, and in the center of the clearing, between them and a raised dais with a golden chest, crouched a Sphinx.</p>
<p>They approached with caution, wands out. The Sphinx looked nothing like the ones in her mindscape, she realized. Dom had created beings more beautiful than terrifying, but this Sphinx was a creature of death. Her nails gleamed in the moonlight, which shone unobstructed down into the enormous clearing. The Sphinx sprang up from her crouch and prowled menacingly toward them.</p>
<p>Rigel cleared her throat. "We've come for what's in the chest," she said clearly. "Do you guard it?"</p>
<p>"I do." It was a woman's voice that came from the Sphinx's throat, but it carried a lioness's growling undertone.</p>
<p>"Will you let us pass?"</p>
<p>"I won't." The Sphinx smiled a mouthful of pointy teeth at them. "Unless you answer my riddle."</p>
<p>"Just one riddle for two of us?" Hermione clarified sharply. Her voice was high with nerves, but she stood tall beside Rigel, her chin out.</p>
<p>The Sphinx raked the ground with its claws lazily. "Your choice. If you choose one riddle and get it wrong, you both die. If you choose two riddles…better odds of at least one surviving."</p>
<p>"We'll take the one riddle," Rigel said immediately. Hermione's eyes shot to her with a gasp.</p>
<p>"Don't you want to think about it?" the girl demanded.</p>
<p>"I'm pants at word games," she admitted. "Whatever answer you give, I'll take my chances with it. I trust you."</p>
<p>Hermione growled under her breath something that sounded like, "foolhardy boys." She squared her shoulders and faced the Sphinx, though. "Very well. We will answer one riddle together."</p>
<p>"What is always old and sometimes new; never sad, sometimes blue; never empty, sometimes full; never pushes, always pulls?" The Sphinx, having finished her recitation, sat back on her haunches and watched them with bright yellow eyes.</p>
<p>Hermione's brow furrowed in fierce thought. "May we discuss?"</p>
<p>"I won't stop you."</p>
<p>Hermione turned to Rigel, who could only shrug. "It doesn't sound like anything real to me," she admitted. "I've never been good at cryptic stuff. I tried to work out a prophecy last year, and to say it went horribly wrong is a big understatement."</p>
<p>"That's fine, I just think better out loud," Hermione said dismissively. "Not sad but blue means it's sometimes blue in color. Never empty and always old make me think it's the ocean, but the ocean isn't normally defined as 'full' and it's always blue. Push and pull…an ocean pulls in the sense of the tide…the tide! The moon!"</p>
<p>Rigel blinked. "The moon does cause the tides," she agreed.</p>
<p>"The answer <em>is</em> the moon," Hermione said. She turned back to the Sphinx and positively smirked at her. "Right?"</p>
<p>The Sphinx smirked back. "Correct, little girl." The creatures yawned wide, reminded them of her generosity in not eating them alive, and said, "My supper shall wait a little longer. You may pass."</p>
<p>Rigel beamed at her. "Brilliant, Hermione! I would have spent ages working that out." She and Hermione rushed up the steps to large, gilded chest on the dais. It was obvious at first glance the chest was locked. "More riddles," she muttered.</p>
<p>"It's covered in runes," Hermione said, bending down to inspect the chest on all sides without touching it. "There's Greek, Egyptian, Chinese, Mayan, Celtic, Viking, and more scripts I don't even recognize. Sanskrit maybe? I think… all the runes say the same thing, though."</p>
<p>Rigel peered at the lines of runes. Hermione was right. There were three runes in each script. Kaunaz, Laguz, Hagalaz. Huo, Shui, Feng. "What does it mean, though? Fire, water, air… do we filling in the missing element?"</p>
<p>"There's no place to do so," Hermione said. She scanned her eyes over the chest again and pointed to the lock. "There are three distinct mechanisms. One spell for each lock. Fire. Water. Air."</p>
<p>Rigel grinned. "That's easy enough. Any order?"</p>
<p>"Start with fire," Hermione suggested.</p>
<p>Rigel cast Confringo at the lock. A line of fire marked the lock, but otherwise it didn't change. She frowned. "Maybe something more aggressive?" She tried Incendio without luck.</p>
<p>Hermione conjured a blue flame on the tip of her wand and held it to the lock. Nothing. They both deflated, looking back over the script again. The Egyptian runes caught her eye and she said, somewhat uncertainly, "That rune doesn't just mean fire. It means lamp, right?"</p>
<p>Hermione's eyes widened. "That's why there's so many scripts. Different interpretations might result in wrong answers. You have to aggregate the different translations to really know what to try. Here, see? The Celtic rune is also the one for sun. The answer isn't fire—it's light."</p>
<p>"Lumos." Rigel's illuminated wand hovered over the lock for a breathless moment, and then the mechanism clicked open. "Thank Salazar. What next? All the scripts I can read look like water to me."</p>
<p>"Maybe this one is simple. Aguamenti." Hermione let the water spill over the chest and the second lock clicked. "Yes! Now air. That's tricky. We could levitate it? Or a drying spell?"</p>
<p>"The Chinese rune for air is supposed to be this," Rigel said, sketching a different symbol to the one of the chest in the grime on the dais. "This one on the chest is… something else."</p>
<p>"Wind!" Hermione grinned. She shot a Ventus and the third lock popped free. They opened the chest wide to reveal a pile of brightly colored sashes.</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. "I guess the ones matching our headbands are ours. All this way for a fancy ribbon." She hoped Riddle heard that one loud and clear.</p>
<p>The each grabbed the sashes corresponding to their colors—green for Rigel and light blue for Hermione—and tied them securely around their waists. Just as they closed the lid once more, they heard the Sphinx growl from behind them. Fleur had stepped into the clearing, looking just a little rumpled as she stopped and warily stared at the Sphinx.</p>
<p>"You have to answer its riddle," Rigel called helpfully. She and Hermione climbed down and waved on their way back across the clearing.</p>
<p>"Good luck!" Hermione added, looking cheerful now that they had accomplished at least half of their goal. She turned to Rigel and Treeslider. "What's the fastest path out of this place?"</p>
<p>Rigel grinned. "After you, milady."</p>
<p>They started with a Point Me charm on the gamekeeper's cabin, since their maps were essentially useless now that they carried the thing they had been tracking on their person. Rigel conveyed their general desired direction to Treeslider, who was to take up the navigation once more. She really was going to bring the snake a whole basket of mice the next time she came to visit.</p>
<p>The snake was uneasy, however. He quivered slightly against her skin and his tongue continually scented the air. She stopped walking, and Hermione paused as well. <em>"What isss it?" </em>she asked, broadening her sensitivity once more.</p>
<p>"<em>Sssomething comes. Sssomething new,"</em> the snake hissed.</p>
<p>Rigel focused her awareness. There was something big up ahead of them, but it didn't seem to be moving anywhere. Then she felt it—a dense, fast dot of magic heading straight for them. It would be on them in moments. "Hermione, get behind me!"</p>
<p>The other girl moved without hesitation, brandishing her wand in the same direction as Rigel's. "What is—"</p>
<p>There was no time to answer and she threw up a Fortis shield an instant before something sprang from the forest and barreled into it. A growling yelp, and the creature—a wolf—rolled off the shield and regained its feet with a spry twist. The wolf paused to bare its teeth at her and she realized with a start that it was a <em>werewolf</em>.</p>
<p>"What are they playing at?" Hermione moaned. "A werewolf! Of all the irresponsible insanity. "</p>
<p>"He'll be on Wolfsbane, I don't doubt," Rigel said soothingly. They wouldn't let a feral werewolf into the competition zone. That was a recipe for disaster. Then again, he certainly wasn't on the New Wolfsbane, or he would be a lot less alert and aggressive.</p>
<p>"So it's okay if it bites us on purpose?" Hermione's voice was rising again.</p>
<p>"He's a person, remember," Rigel said firmly. "I don't think he'll bite us. Just run us around and scare us, probably."</p>
<p>The wolf leapt again, but Rigel redoubled the magic she had in the Fortis shield and it held firm—though she was pushed backwards several feet, taking Hermione and the shield itself with her. The werewolf prowled the forest on the other side of the shield, watching. Waiting. "It knows I can't hold this shield all night," Rigel muttered. She glanced back at Hermione. "Think you can pull off another free-transfiguration?"</p>
<p>"What would scare off a werewolf?" Hermione asked, huffing out a laugh that was only slightly hysterical.</p>
<p>"Nothing on earth," Rigel admitted. "But we can tempt it with better prey."</p>
<p>"A deer?" Hermione clarified.</p>
<p>She shook her head. "Won't trump a human. Can you do a unicorn?"</p>
<p>"A—but that's barbaric," Hermione protested. "Killing unicorns…even pretend ones…"</p>
<p>"The werewolf is drawn to innocence," Rigel said flatly. "Can't get better prey than a unicorn. Even on Wolfsbane it'll be hard for him to resist chasing after it." It was one of Remus' deepest fears: that he might come across something like a unicorn, something pure, and slay it while under the wolf's sway.</p>
<p>Hermione stood behind Rigel so the wolf couldn't see her wand moving and began to transfigure a tangle of brush beyond the wolf's line of sight. As Rigel held the shield, Hermione breathed life into the fledgling transfiguration, giving it a coat that shone in the moonlight, hooves of glinting silver, and a horn that glowed with its own iridescence. The unicorn was too graceful—even for an actual unicorn. It had an unearthly feel as it moved, and Rigel guessed that Hermione had never seen a real live unicorn, but seen an image or perhaps a moving photograph. When it was ready, Hermione nudged Rigel's back and she prepared to take advantage of the distraction.</p>
<p>The unicorn galloped into the clearing, rearing at the wolf and turning on its hooves to dance away again with a remarkably realistic whinny. The wolf snarled after it, snapping its jaws almost involuntarily. It took several steps toward the transfigured unicorn, but then stopped, shaking its head sharply. It began to circle back toward Rigel, but Hermione made the unicorn dance just out of reach along the edge of the small clearing. It flashed its horn at the wolf, as though giving a dare.</p>
<p>The wolf threw back its head and howled in fury, and Rigel's left hand slipped into her bag and pulled out a Protection Potion in one smooth move. She hid the potion bottle in her sleeve and splashed a quick line across the ground inside her shield. Then she began slowly stepping sideways, Hermione with her, moving the shield bit by bit in a semi-circle around the clearing, pouring potion whenever the wolf's attention was distracted by the transfiguration.</p>
<p>The animal seemed completely torn between chasing the unicorn and remaining to stalk the girls, which led Rigel to think he probably was on Wolfsbane, or else his mind would be completely given over to the wolf's urges. The wolf batted at the unicorn in frustration whenever it came near, but didn't follow it out of the clearing. It snapped at the transfiguration, then turned back to regard Rigel and Hermione with menacing eyes, then swiped again at the unicorn, and back to them. This continued even as Rigel slowly reversed their positions in the clearing. Her circle was almost complete. Thanks to her encounter with Remus the previous year, she knew exactly how to trap a werewolf for the night.</p>
<p>The trickiest part would be closing it. For the ward to spring up into place, she'd have to lower her shield for a split second. She timed it carefully, waiting for the wolf to over-extend in its battle with the imaginary unicorn. As it lunged forward toward the transfiguration at last, Rigel took the opening. She dropped the shield and closed the circle, but—the ward didn't materialize. And in that instant, the wolf sprang back toward her with her death in its eyes. Rigel was too slow. Her legs were jellied with surprise and even as she stumbled backwards she knew she wouldn't get the next shield up in time.</p>
<p>A flash of green obscured her vision for an instant, coming between her chest and the oncoming teeth. Treeslider had flung himself forward from Rigel's shoulder with a battle-hiss. She brought her arms up to shield them both from the onslaught, but she was too slow. The wolf twisted mid-air, claws flailing, to dislodge the snake from his snout and Treeslider flew across the clearing, impacted a tree, and lay still.</p>
<p>"<em>No."</em> Rigel didn't know if she said it in English or Parseltongue. She only knew she was furious. Her magic sprung into her hands with a thought, slamming into the wolf like a physical thing. The canine rolled away from the barrage and came up growling on the other side of the clearing. She knew what she wanted. She wanted the wolf <em>contained</em>. Her wand, almost an after thought, came up to level at the wolf. <em>"Fortiss."</em></p>
<p>A shield sprang into life—but not around her or Hermione. It formed around the wolf and contracted, pressing the creature in from all sides. The wolf howled his displeasure and tried to beat himself against the inside of the shield, but it was too small to build up any momentum and the shield only slid sideways in the dirt.</p>
<p>Hermione, breathing hard, finally let the complicated unicorn transfiguration drop. "How long can you hold that?" she gasped.</p>
<p>"Long enough to finish the protection ward," Rigel said grimly. "Would you mind checking on my snake?"</p>
<p>"I—sure." Hermione crossed to where Treeslider was crumpled and crouched down to inspect him with a few diagnostics.</p>
<p>Rigel kept her wand trained on the enclosed wolf even as she circled the clearing along the line of potion she'd poured, looking for any gaps. There was an area that had been scuffed through with a paw. She narrowed her eyes. Smart wolf. He had only pretended to be preoccupied with the unicorn. The swipes he made in its direction were used to foil her circle. How he knew what it was, she didn't know. But she would finish it, now. She found three more places in the dirt that had disturbed the circle and poured a little more potion on each. As she closed the circle for good, she let the Fortis shield fade away. The wolf rushed her, but the Protection Potion would not be budged. It threw the wolf backwards, and the animal let out a growling snarl.</p>
<p>"That will hold until morning," she said tiredly. She turned back to Hermione, who was deep in concentration over the snake. "Is he…?"</p>
<p>"Alive," Hermione said quickly. "But, badly injured. Unconscious. I'm not that skilled with animals; I can diagnose, but I don't know if I can heal him."</p>
<p>"I can," Rigel said, moving forward. "You go on without me—" the Vow sang in her blood, hot and immediate. "No. No, that won't work. I have to keep moving forward. Okay, you take over navigating us back to the forest edge, Hermione. I'll heal Treeslider as we go."</p>
<p>Hermione frowned. "Just a straight path?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded reluctantly. "We'll just have to hope we don't run into anything."</p>
<p>Something ran into the clearing immediately after she spoke and she wanted to groan aloud. It wasn't a creature, however, but Antiope, brandishing a bloody blade, gore streaked down one side of her. She looked a little crazed, but recognition came quickly. "Black. Granger. Is that a—"</p>
<p>"He's contained," Rigel assured her distractedly. "Item chest is that way." She gestured. "If you'll excuse us."</p>
<p>Antiope nodded once and disappeared back into the trees. "I hope she hasn't killed anything sentient," Hermione said lowly. She used the Point Me spell again and motioned Rigel along. "Just follow me."</p>
<p>They were slower going back than they had been in coming through, without Treeslider to guide their steps unerringly. Hermione went ahead and Disillusioned them again when they crept through centaur territory on silent feet. Rigel scarcely noticed. All her attention was on Treeslider. Brave, loyal Treeslider who <em>was not going to die. </em>She cradled the snake's limp body in the end of her cloak as she walked, steadily pumping Healing energy into his form. There was a lot of internal bleeding, but she was determined to stop every bit of it. After a grueling ten minutes, Treeslider was stable, but still unconscious. Rigel tied the ends of the cloak to her belt in a makeshift carrying basket and tried not to jostle him too much even as she and Hermione broke into jogs to make the journey quicker.</p>
<p>To avoid the area where the spiders had nearly caught Hermione in the beginning, they veered to the left on their way out of the forest. Just as they made to course correct again, however, something big and fast as lightning dropped down from the forest above them. Rigel and Hermione both leapt to the side, and Hermione screamed high and fast. Rigel looked over and saw a vicious gash on the girl's arm, but her focus couldn't remain on her friend. What dropped at their feet was not another spider: it was the Peruvian Vipertooth.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Rigel Black was an idiot, and nothing could convince him otherwise after tonight. Draco sat in a stadium box his father had managed to procure and fumed silently at the large oval mirror in the middle of the pitch, the one etched in emerald green. Pansy sat next to him, clutching his hand hard as she had been since Rigel's run-in with the werewolf. A werewolf! Just what was the Ministry playing at, he'd like to know. He tried to blank out the girl's furiously dynamic emotions, lest they overwhelm his already fraying nerves. Rigel was finally on his way back. He would be out in no time, and everything would be fine.</p>
<p>At least with his snake unconscious, he wasn't speaking Parseltongue every five seconds anymore. Half the stadium had gasped or screamed when it first came blaring out of the mirror, and most of them still flinched whenever Rigel's mirror was transmitting the sound. Draco appreciated that his friend wasn't shy about his ability, but did Parseltongue have to be the <em>very first thing he said?</em></p>
<p>Aldon and Edmund had sidled into the box with him and Pansy as though he'd invited them, and he was reminded of their presence when Aldon muttered, "He needs to drop the bloody snake."</p>
<p>"He won't," Edmund murmured back. "He's loyal."</p>
<p><em>He's an idiot,</em> Draco thought again. There were a million snakes in the forest. Draco was a bit surprised the Vow hadn't made him leave the snake behind by now, but he supposed as long as healing the animal didn't slow Rigel down, it wasn't technically impacting what would otherwise be his best effort.</p>
<p>Granger's viewer, ringed in light blue and second from the end on the left in the line of mirrors, swiveled around to look at Rigel, and Draco greedily inspected the image. Rigel's face was dirty and sweat-stained, but his eyes were eerily calm as he flicked them between the snake and the path ahead. While Granger seemed vaguely scattered every time Rigel's viewer showed a glimpse of her face, Rigel was collected. He always had worked well under pressure.</p>
<p>It annoyed Draco how often Granger's viewer swiveled toward Rigel. She was constantly checking in with him, looking to Rigel for any and every course of action. If he were cynical, and if he didn't know Rigel at all, he'd think that teaming up with the muggleborn girl had been a masterstroke of public relations. Every time Rigel did something reckless or impressive, the audience got a third person view from Hermione's mirror. It made his journey through the forest all the more entertaining to watch. Unfortunately, Draco knew that Rigel had teamed up with Granger because he trusted her on the word of his cousin and probably didn't want Potter to be upset with him if the girl died in the tournament under his watch.</p>
<p>The sound was making its rounds through the other mirror. Antiope was currently attempting to fight the Sphinx instead of just answering its riddle. The Shang girl had taken out some sort of lute-like instrument and was charming a Snallygaster slowly to sleep. Sousa's mirror was motionless. It had been almost all night, and Draco was trying not to imagine why that was. Perhaps his transmitter had fallen off.</p>
<p>Suddenly the sound was back with Rigel, however, and Granger was screaming. Pansy's hand clamped down tighter on his as Rigel's viewer tilted sideways. It was difficult to see what exactly had happened until Rigel stood straight again and the mirror's image swung to reveal Hermione sprawled on the dirt, blood pouring from her wand arm. Crouched beside her in an attack stance was the dragon.</p>
<p>"No," Draco breathed. He was <em>so close</em> to safety. The Peruvian Vipertooth was smaller than most full grown dragons, but it was fast. It darted toward Granger's prone form, but Rigel's shield was already there, aborting its movements and redirecting its attention toward Rigel himself.</p>
<p>The heavy chain that had presumably once bound the dragon in place trailed slowly across the ground as the Vipertooth stalked toward Rigel, who, for some reason known only to him, wasn't yet running in the opposite direction. Granger's mirror finally shifted to show something other than blood-soaked earth as the girl roused herself and shook her head sharply. From the girl's mirror, he saw Rigel standing, absolutely fearless, in the face of the dragon's wary approach.</p>
<p>"Rigel…" Granger's voice echoed through the stadium. She sounded like a person in a great deal of pain. "Run!"</p>
<p>Rigel ignored the suggestion. "Can you heal yourself?" he asked without looking at her. Granger's viewer dipped down to her arm—or what was left of it. Great, gaping gashes of flesh hung limply where the dragon had raked her. Draco felt sick just looking at it, and from Pansy's choked whimper he wasn't the only one.</p>
<p>"I…think I'm in shock," Granger admitted. "I…yes. I can…" She picked up her wand with her left hand and cast a numbing charm followed by a blood-clotting charm. The dragon had stopped advancing on Rigel, but an ominous tendril of smoke was leaking from its snout.</p>
<p>"It's going to flame," Edmund said lowly. "Come on, Rigel. <em>Shield</em>."</p>
<p>He did, thank Salazar. A Fortis that was so bright it practically blinded sprung up between Rigel and the dragon just moments before a beam of pure fire shot out of the Vipertooth's throat. Rigel's screen went completely white, and only Granger's viewer told them that he hadn't just been roasted alive. Granger could still see the boy behind his shield, unmoved by the onslaught of fire. It was no short burst; the flames went on and on, as though the dragon needn't breathe to sustain them.</p>
<p>Rigel was doing something behind the shield. With his free hand he seemed to be fiddling with something in his pocket. Draco didn't know what could be more important than fending off a dragon, but his confusion was answered when Rigel called, "Hermione, muffle your ears and close your eyes!"</p>
<p>Regardless of whether she did or didn't, they could all still see what was happening through her mirror. <em>Rigel dropped the shield.</em> Pansy screamed into his ear as flame enveloped Rigel completely, but Draco scarcely heard her over his own hoarse cry. But—what—Rigel was still there in Granger's viewer. Standing somehow impervious to the fire, his face screwed into a grimace as he flung something toward the Vipertooth and then clamped both hands over his ears.</p>
<p>The clearing exploded. Both Rigel and Granger's mirrors went white for an instant and a crack had everyone flinching before the mirror operators cut the sound. But the sound kept coming, only far away and muffled. He realized it was coming from the other contestants' viewers, too. Everyone in the forest was hearing whatever it was, and one by one the mirrors all panned up to the sky above the treetops.</p>
<p>"Fireworks?" Draco spluttered. What on Merlin's green earth was happening? There were dazzling red and yellow firework animals erupting over the forest in every mirror. Lions and dragons and unicorns danced across the sky. He stood from his seat and—yes, he could see them in the distance from the box. Rigel and Grangers' mirrors slowly regained intelligibility as the fireworks took on a life of their own and began to separate, swooping around the clearing and shooting up into the air before them. The real dragon was nowhere to be seen.</p>
<p>Rigel's viewer moved to focus on Granger, who was stumbling to her feet with tears in her eyes. Draco couldn't hear her over the still-exploding fireworks, but he saw her mouth, <em>What the hell was that?</em></p>
<p>In Granger's mirror, Rigel grinned, his eyes gleaming with satisfaction. <em>Dragon repellant,</em> he mouthed back.</p>
<p>Rigel began to assist Granger in patching up her arm, and by the time it looked less like a chew toy the fireworks had almost put themselves out. The sound moved back to Rigel's mirror as he was saying, "—should get moving again, if you can. We've just attracted a lot of attention."</p>
<p>"You think?" the girl said through gritted teeth. She had sliced through her sweater at the shoulder and was now using the torn sleeve at a makeshift sling. Rigel handed her a Blood-Replenisher, which she took wordlessly, followed by a Pain Potion and what Draco thought was an Anti-Infection Draught. "I can't believe we survived that. The burn repellant worked! I thought for a moment you were crazy, Rigel."</p>
<p>Rigel smiled tiredly. "Dad told me not to test it, but the fire didn't look like it was pausing anytime soon, and I think it was starting to cook me alive even through the shield." Rigel went momentarily cross-eyes as he looked down at his own nose. "Does this look sunburnt to you?"</p>
<p>Pansy let out a tremulous laugh. She was still shaking. "Rigel, you idiot," she whispered. Draco was very much inclined to agree.</p>
<p>Granger performed a Point Me and said, "Let's go. I'm done with this forest."</p>
<p>"Right behind you," Rigel agreed.</p>
<p>The sound moved away to Delacour, who'd managed to get herself cornered by a Manticore just shy of the forest's edge. Draco didn't care, he kept his eyes on Rigel's mirror, and as soon as the end of the trees came into view he was out of his seat. Pansy followed him out of the box in silent agreement, and the two of them ran on anxious feet down the stadium stairs and across the lawn.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>As soon as she was free of that blasted forest, she plucked the headband from her head and dropped it to the ground so it would stop transmitting. As though her aching psyche had summoned them, Draco and Pansy were there at the edge of the forest when she stumbled across the ward line after Hermione.</p>
<p>She was in their arms before she has time to greet them. Pansy's form trembled against her like a wild thing. Draco just gripped her hard and a moment later she felt his blissful numbing trick envelope her as well. She relaxed. Just let go of all the tension and fear and control she'd wound tight within herself over that last few hours. Rigel wanted nothing more than to shower and sleep, but she knew the night was only half over. She would not be allowed to leave until all of the champions had made it out of the woods. Still, for a single peaceful minute, she allowed herself the comfort of her friends' embrace.</p>
<p>When her friends finally let her go, Rigel noticed Hermione standing awkwardly to one side, looking wistful. She reached out toward the girl and shook her uninjured hand. "Well done in there, tonight. Thanks for your help."</p>
<p>"Me?" Hermione laughed a little helplessly. "Rigel, you're the only reason I'm not spider food right now. Or dragon fodder. I—it was so much more than I was expecting." The girl looked completely overwhelmed. Rigel had to agree, though. The first task was way over the top, even for Riddle.</p>
<p>Rigel nodded toward Hagrid's cabin, where a tent had been set up. "I think Madam Pomfrey is in there. She'll check over your arm."</p>
<p>Hermione nodded. The adrenaline was wearing off and the reality of the last few hours settling in over her. Rigel knew from experience the best thing for her to do now was sit somewhere quiet and let a professional take care of her injuries. Hermione walked numbly toward the medic tent and Rigel turned back to her friends. "So, did I win?"</p>
<p>"You prat!" Draco swore. "Do you have any idea how worried we've been all night? Watching you go from reckless to impossible to somehow even more reckless for hours?"</p>
<p>"Imagine how I felt," Rigel said dryly.</p>
<p>"Rigel, it was awful," Pansy said, earnest. "I wish you'd never agreed to do this. It's a miracle no one's died yet. Miss Granger is not the only one to have been nearly mauled, from what we saw."</p>
<p>"How are the others doing?" Rigel asked, serious. She didn't want to see anyone seriously hurt or killed that night.</p>
<p>"Owens and Krum finished ahead of you," Draco said. "Fleur is close, but ran into some trouble at the last minute. Other than that, we've seen Antiope, Shang, and Tahiil all make it at least as far as the Sphinx. Sousa…hard to say. His transmitter fell off."</p>
<p>"The mirror went dark?" Rigel clarified.</p>
<p>"No, just stopped moving," Draco said.</p>
<p>Rigel frowned. "As long as it's in skin contact it will transmit, but if it fell off it would have gone dark. It sounds like he's been badly injured." She glanced back toward the trees, grimacing. "Maybe I should—"</p>
<p>"No!" Draco and Pansy both snapped the word at her.</p>
<p>"You aren't going back in there."</p>
<p>"You have to rest, Rigel."</p>
<p>Still, what if he was alone and vulnerable in there? Someone had to do something. Draco heaved a long-suffering sigh. "The tournament organizers know how the mirrors work as well as you," he pointed out. "If Sousa is in that sort of trouble, I'm sure they're already handling the situation."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded slowly. That made sense. Her friends attempted to herd her toward the medical tent, but she spotted Sirius jogging across the lawn toward her. He scooped her up and spun her in a circle, the way he'd done with Archie when he was a kid.</p>
<p>"Thank Godric, kid." He stopped spinning and squeezed her so tight she thought she might break a rib. "Who taught you to be so reckless, anyway?"</p>
<p>"I'm okay, Dad. Watch my snake, please." His grip loosened and she murmured into his chest, "Really. I'm all right, I promise. Everything is fine."</p>
<p>Sirius sighed and pulled back to look into her face worriedly. "You were fantastic, Arch. I'm so proud of you. But that situation was out of order. If Riddle thinks he can try and kill my own kid right in front of me, he's got another thing coming."</p>
<p>"I'm sure it was more controlled than it seemed," Rigel said, not really believing it. She added, "The werewolf was a bit much, though. I mean, it dehumanizes the entire community to put one in the mix with creatures like acromantula and quintapeds. Just another monster in the dark."</p>
<p>Sirius grimaced. "You're right, Pup. I hope it's no one Remus knows. No self-respecting werewolf should have stooped to participating in this madness."</p>
<p>Green sparks popped in the sky just then, and Fleur came limping out of the forest when the wards dropped down. They popped back up just as quickly, and Rigel couldn't help but be impressed. It took a lot of power to lower and raise wards so fast. She thought it was unlikely Regulus could have done it alone.</p>
<p>The French girl gasped for air, spitting out curses left and right. <em>"That forest is possessed by an evil curse. I hope someone burns it down." </em></p>
<p>Rigel winced. <em>"It's not usually that bad,"</em> she told the girl. At least she thought she did.</p>
<p>Fleur blinked at her and said, "You sound like my house elf."</p>
<p>Sirius snorted. "Have you been taking love-language lessons from a house elf, Archie? My goodness, I didn't know you were so hard pressed."</p>
<p>Rigel's ears went pink. "Dad! I just hang around the kitchens sometimes, that's all. There's this really nice elf who helps me out a lot and she speaks French, ok?"</p>
<p>"Oh Godric, where have I strayed?" Sirius asked the sky.</p>
<p>Fleur began to laugh lowly. She seemed surprised at herself. "After tonight, I wazn't sure I would laugh again."</p>
<p>Rigel understood the feeling. "The memory will fade soon enough," she told the girl. "There's a medic in the tent over there, if you have any injuries."</p>
<p>Fleur nodded, a hand coming up to prod gingerly at her thigh. Her tracksuit was dark with blood. She began to limp toward the tent, but paused and gave Rigel a grateful look. "Zank you for letting me follow you. I know you zaw me once or twice."</p>
<p>She smiled and shrugged. "No idea what you're talking about."</p>
<p>Draco was scowling when she looked back at him. "You <em>let</em> her follow you all the way to the chest? Why?"</p>
<p>"It didn't slow me down any," Rigel reasoned. "Plus it's easier to keep an eye on people when they're close by. The fewer people end up in mortal peril this year the better, I say."</p>
<p>Pansy rubbed her temple. "We are discussing this in your debrief, Rigel."</p>
<p>"Debrief?" Sirius looked between them, bemused.</p>
<p>"Pansy is my strategist," Rigel said, smiling a little. "And Draco is my tactician."</p>
<p>"Does that make me your armorer?" Sirius wondered, grinning.</p>
<p>"You and the Weasley twins," she agreed. "That Fire Free stuff was amazing, Dad! I could feel it absorbing the heat before it reached my skin. I might be flash-burned in a couple of places, but I'd say the first real test was a big success."</p>
<p>Sirius's grin dropped a little. "I'm glad it worked, but it was supposed to be a last resort."</p>
<p>'That was a last resort," Rigel told him. "With Hermione in no state to run, I had no plan other than the firework disk."</p>
<p>"What was that, anyway?" Pansy asked. "It was so small compared to the amount of explosive power inside."</p>
<p>She shrugged. "You'd have to ask the Weasleys. George gave it to me earlier today. I think it was supposed to be a joke—send up fireworks instead of sparks when I finished, you know? But it was dead useful."</p>
<p>"That dragon certainly scarpered," Sirius agreed, barking out a laugh. "I may have to consult these evil geniuses on a project or two."</p>
<p>"They'd love that," Rigel said.</p>
<p>Antiope was the next to leave the forest, her shoulders slumped with exhaustion. She dropped her sword into the grass and raked both hands through her hair, slowly shaking her head back and forth. She seemed to be muttering to herself with her eyes closed. Then, with a deep breath, she collected the blade, straightened, and strode toward the medic tent with a stoic expression.</p>
<p>Feiyan Shang came out shortly after, and while she was rumpled and dirty, she was the first to emerge without a significant amount of blood on her person. She walked over to Rigel's group and asked, "The others. All are out?"</p>
<p>Rigel shook her head. "Tahiil and Matheus are still in the forest."</p>
<p>Shang frowned. "We wait now," she determined. The Chinese girl removed her purple headband and put it carefully in her pocket before looking around at the others. "I am Shang Feiyan. Pleased to meet you."</p>
<p>"It's a pleasure to meet you, too," Pansy said. "I am Pansy Parkinson. This is Draco Malfoy and Rigel's father, Lord Black."</p>
<p>Shang bowed deeply to Sirius. "Is honorable to meet you, Lord Black."</p>
<p>Sirius shifted uncomfortably. "You as well, Miss Shang. Princess Shang? Or…"</p>
<p>Shang giggled, but stopped almost at once, flushing pink. "I am not princess. My father very far from throne. He is court astrologer. Much honor, but not…not…" She frowned in a frustrated way. "How to say a strength to do whatever is wanted?"</p>
<p>"Power?" Pansy guessed.</p>
<p>"Yes. My family has much honor, little power," Shang concluded. "I thank you your kindness, Lord Black."</p>
<p>Sirius grimaced, "Not at all."</p>
<p>The wait for Tahiil and Matheus was excrutiating. Minute after silent minute dragged on, with Rigel growing more worried by the second. She busied herself checking on Treeslider, but the snake was out of the woods both literally and figuratively. He was in a deep, healing sleep now in Rigel's cloak. Finally, she excused herself for a moment, saying she needed to use the bathroom and making her way toward Hagrid's cabin. When she was out of sight, she rummaged in her bag until she found the Marauder's Map and pulled it out. Only part of the forest was actually included on the map, but it was the part closest to the edge, and she was relieved to see two dots, one nearly on top of the other, making slow but steady progress toward the tree line. Relieved, she opted to use Hagrid's facilities while she had the chance and made her way back to her friends a few minutes later, just as green sparks shot into the sky behind them.</p>
<p>They saw Tahiil first, because he was dragging an unresponsive Matheus behind him. Rigel, Draco, and Sirius rushed forward to relieve the dark-skinned boy of his burden and set Matheus down gently on the grass. Rigel removed his headband and flung it aside, then began her diagnostic charms, but nothing life-threatening or even all that alarming appeared in her scans. He was breathing oddly, but not in a way that sounded as though he had fluid or anything else obstructing his lungs. His heartrate was fast, with no obvious cause. Had he been poisoned?</p>
<p>She peeled back his eyelid and startled when it jerked out of her grasp and blinked. Matheus opened both eyes and stared at her, not speaking or otherwise reacting to her presence.</p>
<p>"He's awake," she said, unnerved, "But… not really responsive. What happened?" she asked Tahiil.</p>
<p>Tahill was still breathing hard, and he pushed aside his headband to wipe his brow with his sleeve as he said, "Not sure. I found him just lying on the ground, but he didn't look injured. Still, he was in no condition to remain in the forest, so I pulled him along with me."</p>
<p>Feiyan bent down to inspect the boy and a moue of disapproval pursed her lips. "Betel-chewer. Fool boy."</p>
<p>Rigel lifted Matheus' top lip and shook her head. "His teeth aren't stained. I don't think this is Betel." Betel was a leaf that, when chewed, had some sort of cognitive effect on the mind. She was vaguely aware that some wizards in Southeast Asia treated it the way Westerners treated tobacco.</p>
<p>"Not certain Betel," Feiyan said. "But like Betel. His eyes, you see?"</p>
<p>The pupils that stared up at them were blown wide. Lots of things caused dilated pupils, however. He could have a brain injury that just wasn't showing up in her scan. Or maybe he had overdosed on Pain Potion. But again, her diagnostics told her he wasn't afflicted with any pain-causing wounds.</p>
<p>"He looks high as a kite," Sirius said flatly. "Give him a Sobering Draught."</p>
<p>Rigel frowned. "Why would he allow himself to face a task like this while incapacitated?" she asked, even as she fished the potion in question from her kit. "Is he trying to kill himself?"</p>
<p>"Can't understand an addict's thinking, if that's what he is," Sirius said, shaking his head. "He's just lucky this young man has a generous spirit. Good work," he told Tahiil.</p>
<p>Tahiil only sighed. "I am the last to return. Even without helping Matheus, I would be last. I do not think I have done good work tonight."</p>
<p>"You saved his life," Sirius disagreed. "That's all that matters."</p>
<p>Tahiil looked only marginally cheered by this. Rigel had administered the Sobering Draught and was watching Matheus for signs of improvement when a party of Ministry officials arrived from the pitch. Riddle, Fudge, Bagman, and Crouch were all there, along with Dumbledore, the Malfoys, James, and two other Aurors.</p>
<p>Riddle approached Matheus and peered down at him just as the boy groaned and winced against the harsh effects of the Sobering Draught. He let off a few choice words in Portuguese, but quieted his curses when he noticed all the people standing over him. He sat up, rubbing at his head.</p>
<p>"I trust you are recovered from your… fall?" Riddle said quietly.</p>
<p>Matheus' eyes widened. "Ah yes," he said slowly. "Very recovered. Thank you."</p>
<p>"Then you may join the rest of us in the champion's tent, where we will announce your scores." Riddle's eyes swept over Rigel, Feiyan, and Tahiil. "If you would all follow me to the tent and re-don your headbands, we can bring this exciting night to a conclusion."</p>
<p>He swept away toward the medic tent, and the others followed after him wearily. Rigel turned to Mr. Malfoy before doing the same, and said, "Thank you again for these excellently crafted gauntlets, Lord Malfoy. As you can see, they held remarkably well." She lifted one to display the claw marks that now raked across its surface.</p>
<p>"House Malfoy is gratified to be of service," Malfoy said, inclining his head to Sirius and Rigel both.</p>
<p>"We're very glad you're safe," Narcissa added. Her face was pale, and Rigel suspected she had not enjoyed the entertainment that evening at all.</p>
<p>"Someone will need to let that werewolf out at dawn," she realized suddenly. Rigel rummaged in her bag until she procured the Ward Disruptor. She handed it to Malfoy Sr. "Please give this to whoever the organizers send."</p>
<p>He took it, but said, "I will pass it to Lord Potter, as I understand he is sending a team to collect the wolf presently."</p>
<p>"The Aurors are?" Sirius stared at Mr. Malfoy with dawning fury. "The werewolf wasn't part of this."</p>
<p>"Decidedly not," Malfoy said. "An investigation will be launched into how exactly the beast managed to penetrate the wards."</p>
<p>Rigel blew out an exasperated breath. "The item chest was well outside the Hogwarts wards," she said flatly. "Since the competition zone overlapped part of the unwarded forest, all he had to do was wait outside Riddle's wards until they dropped to let us enter, then cross them at the same time."</p>
<p>Malfoy stared at her for a long moment before saying, "Very astute, Rigel. That may be."</p>
<p>"Rigel, the scoring," Draco reminded her.</p>
<p>She nodded, and went to collect her headband from where she'd dropped it earlier before continuing toward the tent. It was much bigger inside than it looked. Dumbledore was in one corner conferring with Madam Pomfrey, who wore a ferocious scowl. The nine competitors stood close together around the group of tournament organizers, in the center of which was Riddle.</p>
<p>"Please put on your headbands once more, as this will be broadcast down to the pitch as well," Riddle began. When he had everyone's attention and all their headbands were in place, he smiled. "Well done, all of you. Tonight you have been tested beyond what any of you likely imagined; this was done knowingly. One of the measures of great witches and wizards is their ability to overcome fear and physical hardship and to remain steadfast and true in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds." He moved his head to look at each of the champions in turn as he spoke, except he wasn't looking at them—he was looking into their headbands. Rigel frowned as she realized this was really about Riddle, not them. Right now, every mirror in the pitch would be filled with his face, smiling and self-congratulatory. She deliberately turned her head away from Riddle and toward the others. She let her headband take in Antiope's stony visage, Hermione and Fleur's bandaged limbs, Tahiil's exhausted eyes, Krum's muck-strewn form, and Feiyan's troubled frown. Let them see the truth of what has occurred tonight. In her mirror, at least, let them know the cost of their entertainment.</p>
<p>"Now, to the scoring." Riddle produced a roll of parchment with a flourish. "I'm sure you're all aware that you're to be judged on how quickly you completed the task assigned to you, but what we have not told you is…that is only one of the four categories on which you were assessed."</p>
<p>He paused for effect, allowing the pure sadism of those words to sink in before continuing.</p>
<p>"The four categories are: time taken for task completion, valor in the face of danger, critical thinking in problem solving, and moral fiber." There were a few murmurs at the last category, but most the others seemed too tired and strung out to really care. Riddle elaborated. "The tournament judges chose these criteria because they represent virtues the Wizarding World would see associated with its best and brightest. You must be effective, creative, tough, <em>and</em> ethical. However, we have not weighted every category equally. Timeliness in finishing the task is worth twenty points. Valor is fifteen. Appropriate thinking is worth ten points, and morality, five points. Each champion's score, therefore, is out of fifty."</p>
<p>Rigel wondered at the odd way of scoring. It appeared comprehensive at first, and certainly it was a more in-depth evaluation than she'd been expecting, but it was also…off. Riddle agreeing to give points for moral fiber? She began to suspect that the complicated scoring system was merely a screen; everything about this tournament was designed for a very specific purpose: to ensure a pureblood champion.</p>
<p>"In the category of task completion, in order of success, the points are as follows," Riddle said. The tent was utterly silent as everyone listened carefully. "Jacob Owens, 20 points. Victor Krum, 19 points. Arcturus Black and Hermione Granger, 18 points. Fleur Delacour, 16 points. Antiope, 15 points. Feiyan Shang, 14 points. Tahiil Diric Zahi, 13 points. Matheus Sousa…zero points."</p>
<p>Sousa blinked, but didn't argue. He didn't seem to care at all, and Rigel had to wonder if Pansy and Millicent had been right; maybe there was something odd about his participation in the tournament.</p>
<p>"For valor, first place goes to Antiope, 15 points," Riddle said, smiling ever-so-slightly. "Full marks in this category were given for willingness to face every foe encountered. Points were deducted for running or hiding without engaging. Second goes to Arcturus Black, 14 points, for being the only champion to take on the most dangerous foe in the forest and win. Next, Victor Krum, 12 points. Hermione Granger, 10 points. Tahiil Diric Zahi, 10 points. Feiyan Shang, 9 points. Jacob Owens, 8 points. Fleur Delacour, 5 points. Matheus Sousa, zero points."</p>
<p>Rigel glanced over a Hermione, a frown tugging at her brow, but the curly-haired girl only shrugged unconcernedly back at her, mouthing the word 'shield.' Rigel grimaced. If she'd known they were going to count Hermione off for it, she might not have shielded her so often. Then again, she probably would have, she admitted. Rigel was not one to take unnecessary chances with other people's safety.</p>
<p>"In the category of problem solving, full marks are awarded for applying the <em>appropriate</em> response to each situation or problem set. Marks were deducted for inefficient or unwise use of force." Riddle cleared his throat. "Jacob Owens, 10 points. Hermione Granger, 9 points. Fleur Delacour, 8 points. Arcturus Black, 8 points. Feiyan Shang, 8 points. Tahiil Diric Zahi, 7 points. Victor Krum, 6 points. Antiope, 5 points. Matheus Sousa, zero points."</p>
<p>She wondered with amusement whether the judges had found her use of fireworks against the dragon unwise.</p>
<p>"Finally, for moral fiber: full marks to Tahiil Diric Zahi for saving another champion at no benefit to himself, and to Feiyan Shang for completing the task without harming a single creature or fellow being. 5 points each. Jacob Owens, 4 points. Arcturus Black, 4 points. Hermione Granger, 4 points. Victor Krum, 2 points. Antiope, 1 point. Fleur Delacour, 1 point—while she did not harm anything excessively, she did use underhanded means to complete the task. And Matheus Sousa, zero points." Riddle rolled the scroll and tucked it away. "So where does that leave us? Minister, if you would?"</p>
<p>Fudge stepped forward, his chest thrust out. "Thank you, Lord Riddle. Ahem. In ninth place, with zero points due to failure across all four categories, Matheus Sousa. In eighth place, Fleur Delacour, with 30 points. In seventh place, Tahiil Diric Zahi with 35 points. Tied for fifth, we have Feiyan Shang and Antiope with 36 points. Fourth is Victor Krum with 39 points. Third, Hermione Granger, with 41 points. And our winner, with a total of 44 points, is Arcturus Black! Well done, Mr. Black. Jacob Owens, then, is our runner up with 42 points. A quick thank you to all the sponsors of tonight's events, and a round of applause for our champions, please!"</p>
<p>No one in the tent applauded, but presumably, down on the pitch, there was some measure of cheering. Rigel found it hard to believe that she'd won the first task, but it was difficult to pin down which category, exactly, she had been scored unfairly in. Somehow, she was certain the scores <em>had</em> been manipulated, but the subjective metrics themselves made it difficult to contest.</p>
<p>A few of the others congratulated her on their way out of the tent. She tried to smile politely, but was afraid it came out a grimace. Krum noticed and grimaced back at her.</p>
<p>"Strange tournament ven I come back second and place fourth, no?" He shook his head irritatedly. "Still, even knowing the scoring ahead of time, I vould not do anything different. There is no path for strategy in such a dangerous situation."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded in agreement. "Tonight was mostly luck. Some probably had a harder time than others just based on starting position or the creatures they happened to encounter. I think we all did well."</p>
<p>"I thank you for the rope," Krum said. He left the tent, and Rigel followed.</p>
<p>Hermione sidled up beside her on the way out, "You think you didn't deserve to win, but you did," she told her. At Rigel's grimace, Hermione nudged her. "I'm serious. No one else took on a werewolf and a dragon. I asked around. The others encountered one or two creatures each. We ran into <em>four</em>, not including the Sphinx. I'm not so blind I can't see that you did most of the heavy lifting tonight, either. Don't think I won't return the favor, Rigel. Thanks again."</p>
<p>She trotted off toward the castle, still cradling her newly-healed arm close. Rigel found James and Sirius waiting for her, along with Pansy and Draco.</p>
<p>"Father took mother home," Draco told her, "But he said to tell you congratulations for winning."</p>
<p>She nodded. "I appreacite your family's support. Would you two mind going ahead to the castle without me? I need to talk to my dad and my uncle for a minute. I'll be back in the common room soon, though."</p>
<p>Pansy and Draco exchanged a resigned look and both nodded. Pansy hugged her again gently. "Congratulations, Rigel."</p>
<p>They both began the walk back to the Entrance Hall. Rigel turned to the older men with a serious face. "Did you get the werewolf?" she asked James. "What was he trying to do here? I'm sure he was on Wolfsbane, so he must have had a purpose."</p>
<p>James frowned. "I shouldn't tell you."</p>
<p>"I'm the one in danger if I don't know," she said firmly. "Uncle James, if someone is targeting the tournament, it affects all the competitors."</p>
<p>Her father sucked in one cheek and chewed on it. He always did that right before giving in. "All right. Don't spread this information too far, Archie, but we didn't apprehend the wolf. By the time my team got there, the barrier was gone and the wolf with it."</p>
<p>She shook her head. "You can't break one from the inside without a wand or the disruptor potion. There's no way it got out on its own. But if one of the other champions let it out, you would have seen on the mirrors."</p>
<p>"Whoever helped the werewolf free is probably the same one who gave him the information that helped him in," Sirius said grimly.</p>
<p>"That means someone on the organizing committee," Rigel said.</p>
<p>"We don't know that for certain yet," James cautioned. "Just… be careful. You did good tonight, Arch, but there's no knowing what all there is in store for you lot this year. Just keep your head on a swivel and we'll do our best to help out from our end."</p>
<p>She smiled. "Thanks, Uncle James. I couldn't have done it without you guys."</p>
<p>"Don't thank us, Pup, you're just our little advertisement project," Sirius said archly. "Why, every kid in school is going to want some Fire Free Burn Baste now."</p>
<p>Rigel tilted her head. "I don't know; I think more people will remember the Weasley twins' firework display. Now that was some impressive magic."</p>
<p>Sirius laughed. "Challenge accepted! Next time we'll give you something to really knock their socks off."</p>
<p>She blanched. The Marauders and the Weasley twins trying to out-do one another… now <em>that</em> was a terrifying thought. A yawn clawed its way up her throat and she stifled it on her grime-coated sleeve.</p>
<p>"Go to bed, kid," Sirius said fondly. "Remus will be sorry he missed you, but you're too knackered to stay up till dawn. Rest up, remember to eat well and get your strength back before the next task. We'll see you soon." He hugged her fiercely, and James followed suit soon after.</p>
<p>"Good work tonight, Archie. I mean it. Not many can take on a werewolf like that and come out unscathed. We think…well, we think it might have been Greyback, himself, but it was difficult to get positive ID through the mirrors. Anyway, sleep well. Addy and Lily send their love." James ruffled her hair.</p>
<p>"Send them mine, too," she said, her voice trembling slightly. She only had to keep it together for a little while longer, she sternly told herself.</p>
<p>She trudged back up to the castle, her feet as heavy and silent as her heart. Her housemates would want to celebrate, she knew. Probably a party had already begun in the common room in her honor. She wouldn't be good company that night, however, so she would beg off, plead exhaustion, wash the night away in the shower and crawl into bed. Maybe, if Fate was kind for once, she wouldn't have to get out of it until the following night. Maybe she'd feel better when she woke. Maybe…well. Maybe a lot of things.</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
