<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
    <title>The Futile Facade</title>
    <link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 9</h2>
    <div class="storytext">
        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Any expectations of tournament fervor having died down after the completion of the first task were abruptly doused the following morning, as Rigel entered the Great Hall to a wave of rowdy applause. She lifted a hand uncertainly in response and hurried over to the Slytherin table, where her friends, merciful beings that they were, quickly blocked her in with firmly planted bottoms and icy glares.</p>
<p>"We missed you at the party last night," Theo said, grinning at Rigel's disgruntled expression. "Congrats again on your win."</p>
<p>"If that's what winning feels like, I want no part of it," she said halfheartedly. "I'm sore all over, and I'll be digging dirt from my fingernails all week."</p>
<p>Pansy set down her utensils at once and picked up Rigel's hand to consider its cleanliness. "Your gloves appear to have done their job and preserved the sanctity of your nail beds. Could it be you're simply grumpy because the party kept you up last night?"</p>
<p>She <em>had</em> slept fitfully, visions of bright fire and sharp claws having followed her to dreamland. Even now, surrounded by people she largely trusted, it was difficult to fully relax. Still, that wasn't any of her friends' fault. "Could be," she allowed. "Don't let my poor mood sink everyone's spirits. What were you talking about before I sat down?"</p>
<p>"You," Millicent said, smiling unapologetically at the grimace this drew from Rigel. "The next task is a month out, and we were speculating what kind of challenge it would be."</p>
<p>"Already?" Rigel groaned into her porridge. "No more talk of tasks for a while, please."</p>
<p>"The other champions, then?" Millicent suggested. "Pansy and I will be adding our observations to the dossiers this week. There's a lot you weren't able to see from inside the forest. Tahill, for instance, really is proficient at wandless magic, and we didn't recognize any of the spells he used. Feiyan, on the other hand, appears to know a surprising amount of Latin-based magic in addition to—"</p>
<p>"I'm going to go brew," Rigel muttered, abandoning her meal and hefting her bag over her shoulder with a wince. She really <em>was</em> sore all over.</p>
<p>"Rigel—"</p>
<p>Whatever Pansy was going to say was cut off as Draco said firmly, "Let him go."</p>
<p>She shot a grateful smile at her blond friend, pretending not to notice the worried look in his eyes as she retreated from the table. She'd only gone a couple of steps when a slight girl with long, brunette hair scrambled up from the table and into her path. Rigel paused to let the girl pass—a first year, she thought, vaguely remembering the kid from the Soring Ceremony—but instead the little slip of a girl stopped and gazed up at Rigel with wide, half-hair-covered eyes.</p>
<p>"Good job yesterday!" the girl piped up at her, a tremulous smile creeping across her pale features. "I—" She fumbled in her pocket for a moment before producing a flat green stone and presenting it proudly for her inspection. "I got this! To support you. It's a basilisk scale, see?"</p>
<p>It was…not a basilisk scale. Rigel returned the girl's smile awkwardly. "Thanks, ah, it's Rowle, right? Thank you. For your support. I think that might be a shard of jade, though." Rowle looked down at the rough stone with dismay, and Rigel hurried to add, "Still, green is our color, isn't it?"</p>
<p>Rowle nodded timidly. "Yes. I guess it still works. Well, I'll be cheering for you."</p>
<p>"Thank you," she said again, feeling incredibly stupid. All she could think as the girl stepped aside was she hoped Rowle hadn't paid too much for a fake basilisk scale. Probably one of the older students had played a prank on her. She certainly better not find anyone selling counterfeit potions ingredients in her name.</p>
<p>Rigel left all thoughts of the tournament behind as she walked through the door to her lab. It was like stepping through a portal to her own little world. With the door shut firmly behind her, she didn't have to think about tasks, politics, or even her friends' well-meaning support. In her tiny lab, she was just Rigel, potioneer, and nothing more.</p>
<p>Her current project was simmering innocuously in the corner, the only clue to its incredible difficulty the sheen of pure magic that hovered over the surface. It had taken an inordinate amount of pure magic to stabilize the brew, and there were still a couple weeks to go before the double batch of Animagus Revelation would be ready for consumption. Deep in her potions kit, the final ingredients had already been set to soak in twin vials of her and Archie's saliva. By late-November, it should be finished.</p>
<p>There was nothing else she could do for that project at the moment, so Rigel began to set up the cauldron for a batch of Protection Potion—Krait was still selling through them like love charms—and turned her mind to something she'd been working on since the summer holidays.</p>
<p>Her all-inclusive first-aid kit was coming along slowly. Epidermal healing was only the beginning. Muscle repair had been relatively simple, with nearly the same sort of magic going into the imbuing. She'd managed to replicate a Bone-Knitting spell with the variable base Master Snape had come up with and the use of powdered Erumpent femur as the signifying ingredient, but she hadn't found a way to actually apply it to the bone if the skin wasn't pierced. She could easily spell the potion into the body at the site of the bone in question, but most people didn't know how to do that, and the kit was supposed to be usable by anyone.</p>
<p>So most of the magic that needed to go deeper than muscle was causing her trouble. The organs weren't easily accessible by any of the usual means—potions ingested tended to stay in the digestive system and salves only penetrated the body so far before the magic dissipated. Organs were delicate, too, in a way that skin, muscle, and bone were not. Too much magic, and their homeostasis would be thrown out of balance.</p>
<p>Her hands worked on autopilot, chopping, shredding, and stirring in smooth motions while her mind wandered. How could she get the imbued magic to where it was needed while still carrying it in a potion? Only pure magic could pass through the uninjured parts of the body without repercussion. If there was a wound in the abdominal cavity that wasn't exposed to the air, it seemed as though magical transportation was the only way to reach it without cutting the body open. How did muggles treat those sorts of injuries? Rigel supposed they probably did just cut people open.</p>
<p>As the Protection Potion came to life beneath her fingers, Rigel's mind drifted. There was something niggling in her memory. She knew Archie's Healing texts had mentioned something else that muggles did besides cutting people open, only she couldn't remember what it was.</p>
<p>A movement in her pocket had Rigel pausing in her ingredient preparation and carefully peering into the recently enlarged space. Treeslider was curled up inside, a warm ball of comforting heat at her hip. He was shifting restlessly, but under her patient eyes he subsided into sleep again. The snake still hadn't woken. She knew he was only regaining his strength, but it pained her to see the usually energetic boomslang reduced to a near-catatonic state.</p>
<p>Her memory offered up a scene from the night she'd first met the brave little snake. Alice had sent her into the woods to gather a specimen from a magical animal for her game with Edmund. Treeslider had happily provided his venom. She saw in her mind's eye his fang piercing the thin cork in the vial. Then it played again, slower, and Rigel began to smile.</p>
<p><em>Of course.</em> That's what she'd forgotten. Muggles used a piercing apparatus to go through the skin without damaging it overmuch, and they administered potions—or something like potions, at least—through the hollow tip! Her brain raced along the trajectory of that revelation with giddy excitement. Could the average person be accurate enough with such a device to get a potion in the general vicinity of an internal wound? With the right precautions…she thought maybe they could. She could spell the things—needles, she thought they were called, only not the sewing kind—for accuracy, or maybe charm each individually to find a specific point on the human body. Really, it was no different from hexes that targeted eyes, bowels, or feet regardless of the caster's aim. The magic existed. Applying it was only a question of perseverance, then.</p>
<p>Visions of self-propelled pointy things filled her head until she finished the Protection Potion. Only once it was neatly bottled and labeled did she rummage for spare parchment on which she could regurgitate the flood of ideas. The devices would need to be pre-filled with the potions that corresponded to the part of the body they would be spelled to target. Then there was the added necessity of the needle distinguishing between the injured person and anyone else who happened to be nearby. That would be tricky…but not impossible.</p>
<p>Her quill roved across the page, writing and re-writing and looking for inconsistencies. By the time lunch rolled around, she had come up with a handful of rudimentary runic sequences that approached the concept she'd set out. The final product would be a lot more complex, but it was a good beginning.</p>
<p>She stowed her notes and cleaned up the lab before locking it behind her. It wasn't until Rigel's feet carried her back into the more commonly traversed areas of the dungeons that she remembered why she'd fled to her lab in the first place.</p>
<p>"Rigel!"</p>
<p>Adrian Pucey's voice stalled her progress toward the Great Hall. She slowed and waited for the older boy to catch up to her. "Hi, Pucey," she offered, wondering what the upperclassman needed.</p>
<p>"<em>Great</em> job last night." He clapped her on the back hard and she had to bite down on the urge to cough. "Using the muggleborn to get a leg up was inspired, you know. Everyone is still talking about it."</p>
<p>Ah. Yes. She cleared her throat and smiled serenely up at the tall young man. "I'm pleased to have done well in the eyes of our House. I must admit, however, that I teamed up with Hermione because she's my friend."</p>
<p>Pucey blinked at her. "Your…friend." He seemed unsure whether he was meant to laugh. "Sure, Rigel. If that's what you told her."</p>
<p>Rigel's smile melted into a more serious expression. "Really, Adrian. Hermione is my cousin Harry's best friend. It's only natural that we'd work together."</p>
<p>"But you aren't going to help her win, surely," Pucey pointed out, now frowning. "I mean, this little alliance only works in the short term."</p>
<p>She conceded the point with a slow nod. "At some point we'll have to compete in good faith, it's true. She'll still be my friend, though."</p>
<p>The upperclassman gazed at her searchingly for a moment before shrugging. "If you say so. Anyway, good job, Rigel. Keep it up, yeah?"</p>
<p>"Yeah."</p>
<p>Pucey pulled ahead as Rigel hung back. She wondered how many people thought she'd been <em>using</em> Hermione instead of working with her. Did Hermione feel that way? She blew out a frustrated breath. It was an odd feeling, having the choices you made to stay alive judged and evaluated by a thousand outside eyes. The ordinary dangers of her past were nothing compared to the tournament's gargantuan, political, and public nature. Every time she felt she had a handle on it, some aspect of perception she hadn't considered reminded her that she had no idea what she was doing.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Classes resumed Monday, but the façade of normalcy that came with them was just that. The aftereffects of the first task were not so easily shaken off. Treeslider had woken intermittently, but only to feed on a couple of small mice before sinking back into energy conserving slumber. She kept him close to her side, and, despite snakes not being on the approved list of familiars, the professors allowed it with pity in their eyes.</p>
<p>Draco positively hovered whenever Rigel allowed it. He'd become something of a personal specter, glaring away anyone who tried crowding her in his presence. Sometimes she was grateful for the interference. Other times, she wondered whether she really seemed so fragile to him. She was fine, after all. The first task had been…intensely discomforting. But it was nothing a good night's sleep couldn't salve.</p>
<p>The Weasley twins had stopped her in the hall the day after the task and crowed their delight at the number of orders they'd already received for the firework display. None of her slightly concerned protests had stopped them promising to top it with whatever they gave her next. She wondered if Riddle would consider accidentally blowing up everything around her to be 'doing her best.' Still, Rigel had to admit she wouldn't have fared so well against the dragon without the twins' device. When she'd said as much, Fred cackled in a distinctly worrying fashion before muttering something about marketing a line of dragon deterrents.</p>
<p>The only professor who didn't move on tiptoe around her was Auror Dawlish. Defense Against the Dark Arts on Tuesday kicked off with a Severing Charm aimed directly at Rigel's nose. While the students seemed to stiffen around her, anticipating—what, she wasn't sure: a meltdown? A blowup?—Rigel blocked it automatically. She blinked in confusion at the Defense professor; he didn't normally begin to fire hexes until he'd at least called roll.</p>
<p>The tall man leveled his arresting eyes at her for a long moment before turning toward the blackboard with no more explanation than a flare of his olive trench coat. The lesson proceeded normally, or at least as normally as any of Dawlish's lessons ever did, but when the class was over he said, "Black. Stay behind."</p>
<p>Pansy and Draco had twin expressions of protective outrage. She laid an exasperated expression against them until they grudgingly packed up their things and headed for the door. The sharp look Draco shot her over his shoulder on the way told her they would be waiting just outside. Good friends were equal parts blessing and curse, she thought wryly.</p>
<p>Rigel approached the teacher's desk with healthy apprehension. She didn't think it likely that he'd kept her behind to hurl more offensive spells at her, but she wasn't going to discount the possibility outright. "You required me, Professor Dawlish?"</p>
<p>The man was pulling something from his desk drawer. It was a slim book with a well-worn cover. He passed the volume to her wordlessly and when she opened her mouth to question he shook his head sharply. "That's all, Black."</p>
<p>He turned his back to her, pulled out his wand, and began rearranging the desks for his next class. Rigel looked down at the book in her hand. It was a copy of the <em>Auror's Field Guide.</em> A well-used copy, at that. She flipped it open and noted that a number of passages were highlighted. Her fingers tightened as the thought came to her unbidden: who had asked Dawlish to give this to her? James or Riddle?</p>
<p>Troubled, she pocketed the tome and left the classroom. Pansy and Draco had expectant expressions, but Rigel only shrugged in response to their unasked questions. She didn't know what to say about the handbook. It would undoubtedly come in handy in the tournament, but without knowing whether it was her father or her enemy who wanted her to read it, characterizing it as a gift seemed hasty.</p>
<p>"Is Auror Dawlish affiliated with the S.O.W. Party?" she asked instead.</p>
<p>"Not that I know of," Pansy said slowly. "It's difficult to say with certainty, however. Not all those with membership patronize the social events. Professor Snape is a good example of that."</p>
<p>She nodded. "Is there a way to find out?"</p>
<p>"I'll ask Father," Draco offered. "Did he say something to make you think he's working for Lord Riddle?"</p>
<p>Rigel frowned. "Must you call him that? He's not a lord."</p>
<p>Draco lowered his voice. "Just because he hasn't claimed the lordship doesn't mean it's not his, Rigel."</p>
<p>"What lordship?" she asked, frowning. "There's no House of Riddle."</p>
<p>"The Slytherin lordship," Pansy said softly. "Everyone knows he's the heir, Rigel. He's a Parselmouth—my mother told me she heard it once." Her voice was no more than a whisper by the end.</p>
<p>"If everyone knows, why are we whispering?" Rigel asked.</p>
<p>Pansy pursed her lips. "If Lord Riddle hasn't advertised it, he has a reason for that. No one would bring it up without his permission."</p>
<p>"Except he obviously <em>has</em> advertised it, or no one would know," Rigel said. She could feel a familiar frustration building. Why did no one else see how odd this all was? Were they just used to it, having grown up in awe of the politician? "And have you forgotten I'm a Parselmouth, too? That doesn't automatically make someone Lord Slytherin."</p>
<p>"But you're already tied to another House," Draco said, sounding impatient. "Lord Riddle's House must be Slytherin, because he isn't tied to any other."</p>
<p>"That you know of," Rigel muttered. She shook her head in exasperation. "Have you even seen his family tree? Has anyone? Maybe he's not tied to any House—"</p>
<p>"Rigel, be quiet." Pansy shot a glance up and down the hallway. Her face was pale and her voice shook as she carefully added, "Speculation of that kind is dangerous."</p>
<p>"But that's just it," Rigel hissed, trying to keep her voice low. "He's got everyone so scared of his retribution that no one asks the obvious questions."</p>
<p>"Parselmouths don't come from nowhere," Draco said firmly. "Only the oldest pureblood Houses carry the gift, and not many of them are left in this age. <em>Think</em>, Rigel. Have you ever heard of a Parselmouth who <em>wasn't</em> the lord or heir to one of those Houses?"</p>
<p>She scowled. "No, but—"</p>
<p>"Lord Riddle is waiting for the right time to reveal his origins. That's all. Gossiping about it before that time will only get us all politically blacklisted." Draco's words were steady but his eyes were worried—too worried to be thinking clearly, she thought.</p>
<p>"Fine, then. I'll drop it," she allowed. Her tongue stung with the bitter admission. There was something fishy about Riddle's backstory. She hadn't much cared before, but the more his elitist agenda was bandied about in her face, the more it irked her. "I'm going to the library," she said.</p>
<p>"We have History of Magic," Pansy protested.</p>
<p>"Binns won't miss me." The ghost never even took roll, and Rigel was several weeks ahead of the syllabus in any case. "See you at lunch."</p>
<p>Draco spluttered as she left them in the corridor but didn't chase after her, at least. It probably wouldn't amuse him to know that she was headed for the genealogy section.</p>
<p>The library was incredibly quiet, being that it was the middle of second period on a Tuesday. Only a handful of harried-looking NEWT students were scattered among the tables. Rigel wove her way through the stacks, but slowed to a halt when she recognized a head of curly hair in the Healing section.</p>
<p>"Hi, Hermione. Looking for anything in particular?" She smiled in a friendly way as the girl looked over distractedly, thinking she was probably looking for a text to go along with that week's AIM assignment.</p>
<p>"Rigel, good morning." Hermione barely glanced over from where she was perusing the shelf. "Ah, sort of. There's not a lot on early childhood diseases here."</p>
<p>Rigel frowned in thought. None of Archie's current assignments related to that topic. "I have a couple of books on childhood syndromes in my dorm, if you'd like them. Doing some extracurricular reading?"</p>
<p>Hermione abandoned the bookshelf to shoot Rigel a considering look. "Yes, actually. I assume you're aware of the Fade?"</p>
<p>"Of course." She grimaced. "Everyone knows of the Fade. I'm afraid a lot of the literature on it is speculation still. Most of the articles I've seen in recent journals report little progress beyond diagnosis."</p>
<p>"I've noticed the same," Hermione said. Exasperation crept into her tone as she added, "I'd think in the nation where Wizarding children are most affected there would be an abundance of information. Instead, I'm having the same trouble finding anything concrete here that I had at AIM."</p>
<p>"You could ask Madam Pomfrey, but our lesson on the Fade was rather straightforward," Rigel said slowly. "Children are sometimes born without enough magic to sustain their life force. All experiments to stymie the magical bleed-off only prolong the inevitable. I've not seen anything indicating that it affects offspring of at least one muggleborn parent, though, so you don't have to be concerned."</p>
<p>Hermione gaped at her in open outrage. "Not concerned? Children are <em>dying</em>. Why wouldn't I be concerned?"</p>
<p>Rigel winced apologetically. "Right. I didn't mean to say that you shouldn't care, of course. Only, there's not much anyone can do right now."</p>
<p>"There's always something," Hermione said staunchly. "Even if it's just thinking as hard as you can about a problem in case you have an idea no one else has."</p>
<p>"That's a good point," Rigel allowed. She of all people should know that qualified professionals didn't have a monopoly on new ideas. Quite the opposite, in fact. "What have you been thinking about so far?"</p>
<p>After a slightly narrow-eyed stare that seemed to gauge whether or not Rigel was teasing her, Hermione waved her over to a nearby table and sat, waiting patiently for Rigel to take the seat across from her before speaking. "To be honest, I'm not sure I fully understand what is even causing the death of the afflicted." Hermione blew out a breath that floated a strand of curls away from her face. "All the publications say that the children are born without 'enough magic,' but squibs are born without access to much magic, and they don't die. It's as if something is actively sucking the life out of the infants."</p>
<p>"In a way, it is," Rigel said. "Squibs fall into two categories, remember. Some never develop a core or a magic circulation system in the womb, and are born essentially muggles. Others are born with a damaged magical core, incapable of processing or channeling magic correctly. Type two squibs still have a normal amount of magic in their veins; it's enough to fill the circulation system, even enough to produce an aura, but the squib normally can't consciously manipulate it to the degree an average witch or wizard can."</p>
<p>"So you're saying the Fade children are something in between? Born with a magic circulation system but without enough magic to fill it?" Hermione tapped her fingers against the desk as thoughts made a rapid march behind her eyes.</p>
<p>"Exactly. The Fade produces a child with the internal magical infrastructure of a type two squib—fully operable magic circulation system and a damaged core—but much less than the usual amount of magic in that system. To put it in numerical terms, children born with the Fade have natural magical coefficients somewhere in the teens. The regular scale only goes to 10," she added, in case Hermione hadn't gotten that far in her Arithmancy studies. "It's as though—" she struggled to think of an appropriate analogy for a moment. "As though you tried to take a child-sized amount of blood and fill a fully grown adult's circulatory system with it. None of the adult's organs or extremities gets enough blood, the heart can't maintain adequate pressure, et cetera."</p>
<p>"But the healthy body produces more blood if it loses some," Hermione muttered. "Up to thirty percent of total volume, if need be. And our cores can be expended to incredibly low levels—magical exhaustion is rarely fatal."</p>
<p>"Above a certain percent of blood or magic loss, the body <em>can't</em> sustain itself, though," Rigel said. "And a witch or wizard is usually unable to access more than eighty percent of their magic. The twenty percent kept subconsciously in reserve is enough to support your magic circulation system in an emergency, but if a wizard's levels don't recover to at least fifty percent in forty-eight hours, they <em>will</em> die. These infants are going much longer than two days without healthy levels of magic. They're essentially born with magical exhaustion, and their cores go into overtime attempting to fill the void. Magic isn't made from nothing, though. The core uses physical resources to rebuild, resources that newborns don't have."</p>
<p>"The core is sucking the life from them," Hermione said, eyes going wide. "But then—why don't they remove it?"</p>
<p>"Remove it?" Rigel could not stop the incredulous horror that came instinctually at the thought. "I—" She swallowed. "You know that a Wizarding child's major organ systems become dependent on magic within a week of the core's activation at birth."</p>
<p>"And the Fade can be diagnosed within the first two days," Hermione argued, eyes flashing. "That gives you three days to remove a core before the infant is dependent on the magic."</p>
<p>"You're talking about purposely turning an infant into a squib," Rigel said quietly, glancing around to make sure they weren't overheard.</p>
<p>"I'm talking about saving their life," Hermione hissed fiercely. "Don't tell me no one's even suggested it?"</p>
<p>Rigel shook her head. "Not that I know of. Such a radical idea would likely not be welcome in most magical circles."</p>
<p>"A limb that can't be saved is amputated before it poisons the rest of the body," Hermione growled. "It's an obvious solution."</p>
<p>"One that no magical parents would agree to," Rigel told her firmly.</p>
<p>"If a muggle child had to lose a leg or perish, his parents wouldn't let him die just because they'd rather he became a football player." Hermione pulled at her hair in frustration. "Life as a squib is still a <em>life</em>."</p>
<p>"Purebloods don't see magic as a limb, Hermione. It's intrinsic to who a witch or wizard is, not just what they can do. You may as well suggest removing a child's <em>soul</em> at birth. That's how disturbing an idea it would be to the families the Fade affects—old, conservative families, that is." Rigel held Hermione's gaze until she could see reluctant understanding creeping into the brown-eyed girl's expression.</p>
<p>"I suppose it would be a difficult and risky procedure in any case," Hermione grumbled. "The magic circulation system is entwined with most of the other organs. Separating the core from the body without sending it into shock…well, maybe it couldn't be done. But if it could…"</p>
<p>"It's worth exploring," Rigel said. Mentally, she added, <em>very quietly</em>.</p>
<p>"As long as we're talking about it," Hermione began, shifting her weight forward in her chair and lowering her voice a little. "Why do you think the Fade is disproportionately affecting pureblood families in Great Britain?"</p>
<p>Rigel tilted her head. "Some people would call that a dangerous question, but I believe fear of inquiry is more dangerous than any question. To be frank, I suspect it's a byproduct of inbreeding. That's not a popular opinion, as you may imagine, but there's some evidence for it."</p>
<p>Hermione held up a hand to forestall Rigel's words and produced quill and parchment from her pocket before gesturing impatiently for her to continue. "What evidence?"</p>
<p>"Most of the families I know have been affected have been 'hyper-pure,' i.e. intermarried with only other pureblood families, for multiple consecutive generations, while some families who are pure by definition now but who have muggle blood in their recent ancestry have not been affected yet at all."</p>
<p>"That's anecdotal, though," Hermione said, frowning. "Do you have statistics?"</p>
<p>Rigel shrugged. "Some studies have been done, but mostly the research is into ethnicity, nationality, and light/dark affiliation more than blood purity. Even though blood purity is an obvious variable, no one seems keen to fund or publish such a study openly. I can only tell you what I've observed, which admittedly isn't all-encompassing."</p>
<p>Hermione pursed her lips in thought. "How many students at this school would you say know of at least one child afflicted with the Fade, whether in their family or another?"</p>
<p>"All of them," Rigel said at once. "I can't imagine anyone not knowing someone who has lost a child. My own grandmother lost several, I believe."</p>
<p>"Several?" Hermione inhaled in acute sympathy.</p>
<p>"That's the price of siblings these days," Rigel said grimly. "At least in those families it affects."</p>
<p>"That's another thing," Hermione said, jotting down another note onto her parchment. "Why does it affect subsequent siblings more than firstborns?"</p>
<p>"Some speculate that it depends on the power of the mother," Rigel said softly. "That hasn't been proven, but people still believe that powerful witches are more likely to keep a second child alive."</p>
<p>"That suggests that the mother has an influence on the amount of magic the child is born with. There have been cases reported of mothers' magic compensating for infant defects in the womb." Hermione nibbled on her quill absently. "For instance, sometimes all magical scans show a baby is healthy until birth, when the infant is detached from the mother's support system. Maybe…maybe a powerful witch could unconsciously compensate for the lack of magic in the child's system, sacrificing a bit of her own magic to see it born with more. Then, perhaps that can only happen once or twice before the mother can't afford to lose any more magic herself."</p>
<p>"That's a lot of speculation," Rigel pointed out. "It's possible, but you'd need some evidence."</p>
<p>"That's easy to test," Hermione said, scribbling furiously. "Just note the rate of maximum expenditure before pregnancy and after birth in all women and if those from families statistically more likely to be affected by the Fade have measurably less magic after childbirth while those unlikely to be affected by the Fade remain the same…well, that's pretty strong evidence. The trouble is determining which families exactly are more likely to be affected by the Fade. Rigel, do you think…if I start asking around the school about the Fade, will it spark undue animosity toward me?"</p>
<p>"Quite possibly," she admitted. "But if you make it clear you're attempting to solve the problem, not just morbidly curious about it…and if you don't ever mention removing the core as a possible option…you may find people willing to talk to you about it. Let me make a few inquiries first, though. I'll talk to my friends and have them spread the word that you're a brilliant medical prodigy who is researching this matter in good faith, not as a means of discrediting pureblood values."</p>
<p>"Is that really their primary concern? Even if such reticence might prevent a cure being found?" Hermione asked, looking pained.</p>
<p>"If it wasn't, there'd be a lot more families following the Weasley model right now."</p>
<p>"What is a Weasley?"</p>
<p>Rigel smiled widely. "I think you should meet them first."</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Later that evening, after Snape had released her from a gruelingly practical lesson in silent counter-curses, she found Blaise in the common room and asked if he had time to assist her with a personal project.</p>
<p>"Your projects are always interesting, Rigel," he said, putting aside a slim volume on curse breaking and steepling his fingers in a show of full attention. "How can I help?"</p>
<p>She took out the necklace that Sirius had given her the night of the first task. Sweeping the chain over her head, she held it out to Blaise's curious fingers and allowed him to examine it carefully. "I'm having trouble unraveling the exact purpose of the runic configuration that's embedded in this pendant. The shorthand is too advanced for me to get an impression, and the expanded sequences are dizzying."</p>
<p>Blaise frowned in concentration as he peered at the shorthand runes etched on the surface of the circular obsidian disk. He took out his wand and waved it over the necklace, murmuring the magnifying charm. "I've never seen this form of shorthand. It looks like a variation on the Norse system. <em>Latentia Revelare</em>." The revealing charm expanded the hidden sequences into a block of runes that hung shimmering in the air before Blaise's widening eyes. "Merlin, Rigel, where did you get this? I haven't seen anything so complicated outside of sentient objects."</p>
<p>"My aunt made it for me. I assume it's some sort of protection for the tournament, but my father didn't have a full explanation for its purpose." Rigel tilted her head and smiled self-deprecatingly. "I don't recognize half of these runes, to be honest. I was hoping you'd be able to decipher more."</p>
<p>He didn't look away from the runes, but his voice was a little awestruck as he said, "Lady Potter made this? From scratch?"</p>
<p>"I assume so," Rigel said, shrugging. "She's had some free time while her company is rebuilding."</p>
<p>Blaise summoned a piece of parchment, ignoring the yelp of an annoyed second year as it zoomed off of the unlucky boy's table. He cast a copying spell to commit the sequence to parchment, carefully ensuring every rune was transferred correctly before letting the revealing spell go and handing the necklace back to her.</p>
<p>Rigel slid the warm disk over her head once more as Blaise murmured under his breath, jotting down notes and underlining lines of runes as he perused the parchment. She took a seat in a chair across from him and waited patiently as he worked. Several minutes later, he set the parchment down and rubbed his eyes.</p>
<p>"It's definitely for protection," he said, leaning forward as he explained. "The reason it's so complex is that it's been designed to react only to very specific stimuli. There's some sort of threshold that the runes are describing, and if whatever that represents is detected, the necklace will respond instantly with…something. It's difficult to tell. It seems as though a spell has been…trapped, for lack of a better word, in the necklace. It's strange, though. Normally when a specific effect is required, something like a curse attached to an object, for instance, the magic is explicitly described and shaped by the runes on the object. Here, though…" He shook his head, bewildered. "There's magic inside the necklace, but there are no runes specifically to guide the magic once it is triggered, and it doesn't feel wild. Does that make sense?"</p>
<p>She raised her eyebrows in surprise. That almost sounded like…shaped imbuing. Rigel wondered if it would work the same for an object as for a potion. No reason it wouldn't, as long as the object already had magic to contain the imbued spell. It was brilliant. "I think I understand," she said, smiling slowly. "It sounds like Aunt Lily has adapted Harry's concept of shaped imbuing for potions into something altogether more versatile. Thanks, Blaise. I'll write to my aunt about the specifics. I bet she'll be impressed that you worked it out."</p>
<p>"Not entirely," Blaise said, leaning back with an unsatisfied shrug. "I'd very much like to know what the magic is intended to react to. It must be something incredibly complex, for it to take so many rune sequences to describe. A very specific situation, maybe, or a long list of different things."</p>
<p>"I'll let you know what she says if she writes back," Rigel promised. "I appreciate your help, Blaise."</p>
<p>"Any time," the boy said, his dark eyes alight with interest. "Like I said, you're always interesting."</p>
<p>"I'm not sure whether that's a compliment or a curse," she said, smiling wryly.</p>
<p>"Definitely a compliment. You're not cut out for an ordinary life, Rigel. The sooner you face that, the less annoyed you'll be at the inconvenience of being extraordinary." Blaise's voice was light, but his expression was serious.</p>
<p>"I strongly believe that extraordinariness is a quality imposed externally on unsuspecting people largely minding their own business," Rigel grumbled. "There are no extraordinary people. All people are basically the same, but some of them get more attention."</p>
<p>"Because some of them work hard, apply their natural gifts judiciously, and change the world in the process," Blaise said, smiling widely. "Oh Rigel, however did you get yourself into this mess?"</p>
<p>"I ask myself that question all the time." She sighed. "I suppose it's bad grace to complain when plenty of others would take my place in a heartbeat."</p>
<p>"Less than you might think, after the first task," Blaise told her, his amusement fading away. "It was shockingly violent. You handled yourself well, but many of the other champions did not. Krum cursed his way through the entire evening, Delacour broke down into tears for five minutes after slicing open a Manticore, Sousa obviously couldn't handle the pressure, and Antiope almost <em>killed</em> Tahiil when he came across her unexpectedly. The amount of blood and suffering in that one night certainly turned a great many stomachs. Not enough to wish the entertainment to come to an end, of course, but enough to be less than disappointed about not being chosen themselves."</p>
<p>"In truth, I wouldn't wish it on anyone," Rigel admitted. "It's a load of utter bollocks."</p>
<p>"Must be, to have you cursing. Any idea what the next task will be?" he added, smiling in response to her sharp look. "Just asking. Theo and I have a wager. You did work out most of the first task ahead of time."</p>
<p>"It's been less than a week," she pointed out. "Riddle hasn't given us any hints yet."</p>
<p>"Well, he's been very busy, I suppose," Blaise drawled.</p>
<p>Something about the way he said 'busy' pricked at Rigel's suspicions. "Busy how?" she asked, attempting nonchalance.</p>
<p>The other boy shot her a surprised look. "You haven't heard." He hesitated visibly before saying, "The S.O.W. Party is dusting off a bit of legislation. That marriage law they've been trying to pass for a few years, you remember? Lord Riddle has spent most of the week between promoting its merit at Ministry working groups and socializing with influential members of the Wizengamot."</p>
<p>"That's not possible." Rigel's face felt frozen as Blaise's words sank slowly to the bottom of her gut. She had an agreement with Riddle. He couldn't put forth such legislation. He—he <em>could</em>, though, she realized with an ugly jolt. She'd bargained for the end to such legislation on the condition of her <em>winning</em> the tournament. There was nothing to stop him from attempting to pass it before the tournament had even concluded. That <em>bastard</em>. She hissed wordlessly, digging her fingers into the arms of her chair in helpless fury. "He thinks he can have it both ways. We'll see about that."</p>
<p>She dove both hands into her book bag, producing parchment, ink, and quill with fingers positively shaking with anger. Muttering an apology to Blaise, she began a swift letter to Sirius. There had to be something that could stall the legislation at least until the end of the year. She would talk to Dumbledore, too. Somehow, Riddle would not get away with this.</p>
<p>Rigel's letter was almost finished when the others found them in the common room. Draco, Pansy, Theo, and Millicent claimed the chairs and sofa on either side of them. She felt her friends' curious gazes but only murmured distractedly in response to their greetings as she scribbled out the last couple of lines.</p>
<p>"What's Rigel working on, then?" Theo asked Blaise.</p>
<p>"I believe it's a letter. He didn't know about the recent revitalization of the Party's marriage legislation, it seems." Blaise's explanation was succinct, but there was a breadth of implication between his words.</p>
<p>"You told him?" Millicent groaned. "Rigel doesn't need to be distracted right now. He has to focus on the tournament."</p>
<p>"<em>Rigel</em> needs to know these things," she said sharply, turning her gaze on Millicent as she signed the letter with a flourish and set it aside for drying. "I'd appreciate it if my friends didn't filter relevant information on my behalf."</p>
<p>"It's not relevant yet," Millie argued. "There's no guarantee it will pass, even with the popular attention from the tournament to bolster support."</p>
<p>"If it does, my participation in this tournament is for nothing," she snapped. She regretted the angry words as soon as they'd slipped out and grimaced at Millicent's open shock.</p>
<p>"Rigel…what do you mean?" The dark-haired girl frowned slowly, her heavy brow making the expression naturally more intense. "I knew there was something odd about you entering the tournament. You didn't do it freely, did you? You've got some kind of…arrangement going on, don't you?"</p>
<p>Rigel pressed her lips together, but it was a little late to try and fool the girl. Millicent was too savvy, and Rigel had been too careless, incensed as she was at Riddle and herself in equal measure. She couldn't believe she hadn't seen this coming.</p>
<p>"Rigel, you can tell them," Pansy said gently. "Millie, Theo, and Blaise won't spread the information around." She accompanied this assessment with stern looks at all three, and each nodded seriously in response. </p>
<p>"I suspected as much," Blaise offered. "Rigel is many things, but glory-seeking is exceedingly out of character. To be honest, I assumed you were being blackmailed by someone."</p>
<p>"They tried that too," Draco said with a smirk. "Rigel is un-leverageable, it seems."</p>
<p>"Nearly," Millicent contradicted. "Obviously someone found something that worked. Was it about this legislation?"</p>
<p>"In part," Rigel admitted, running a hand through her hair. "I didn't tell you all because it puts you in an awkward position. Draco and Pansy have it bad enough."</p>
<p>"It was Lord Riddle himself you bargained with, wasn't it?" Theo's words cut to the heart of the matter. He scowled at the surprised looks the others shot him. "What? I'm not a complete idiot, you know. If it was anyone less powerful, Rigel could have ignored it. If it wasn't to do with the S.O.W. Party, he wouldn't feel he needed to hide it from us. You didn't want to conflict our loyalties, right?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded. "To be frank, I'm working in opposition to the Party's goals. Riddle wanted me to participate. The condition was, in part, that he cease attempts to pass such openly anti-muggleborn legislation if I should win."</p>
<p>"Oh, Rigel," Millicent said, sighing sharply. "That gives him nearly six months to pass anything he deems important enough. And that's assuming he lets you win at all. He controls almost every aspect of the tournament, after all."</p>
<p>"We believe he does want Rigel to win," Pansy put in. She glanced around the common room and, after ensuring no one was near enough to overhear, went on. "Originally we thought it was because the propaganda victory would outweigh any legislative loss, but you're right, Millie. If he spends all of his political clout, he could very well win on both fronts by the end of the year."</p>
<p>"Wait, I'm sorry, but it sounds like you've been strategizing with Rigel <em>against</em> the Party," Theo said. His voice was hoarse with discomfort. "I mean, no offense Rigel, but that could get us and our families in very hot water."</p>
<p>"I know," she said weakly. "I'm not asking—"</p>
<p>"You don't have to ask," Draco said firmly. "Regardless of the Party's agenda, what Lord Riddle is doing personally to Rigel is wrong."</p>
<p>"He threatened his family," Pansy added quietly.</p>
<p>"Then he won't hesitate to go after ours if he gets wind of this," Theo shot back, just as quietly.</p>
<p>"Hold up," Millicent said calmly. "No one is talking disloyalty to the Party right now. All Draco and Pansy are doing is giving political advice to Rigel, who is in a delicate situation. We've not said a word about actively moving against Lord Riddle's goals, and we <em>won't</em>. We're just discussing a situation."</p>
<p>Theo didn't look reassured at the distinction. "I sympathize with Rigel's situation, but he got himself into it." He shot her an apologetic look, but didn't temper his words. "If we help him outmaneuver Lord Riddle, if we even talk about it, it's as good as saying we don't support the legislation he's trying to pass. Is that what you're saying?" He looked around at all of them, but no one said a word. "What? Rigel isn't an idiot, either. He knows where we stand on this. Where we've always stood. The Party is trying to curb the influence of muggle culture on our society. When did that become something you all oppose?"</p>
<p>"It's not," Pansy said, looking acutely uncomfortable. "Of course Lord Riddle is doing what he thinks best for our world. But Rigel is our friend."</p>
<p>"Rigel opposes the Party in this; he just said so," Theo said. There was regret in his voice. "I'm sorry, but I don't think you can stand in the middle of this. You're all going to get caught between it."</p>
<p>Before either of her friends could defend her again, Rigel said, "He's right. Theo's absolutely right. You all can't be involved in this any more than you are. I'm sorry that I lost my temper. And I'm sorry that I ever told you lot," she added, keeping her voice strong in the face of Draco and Pansy's mutinous expressions. "I'm grateful for your support, but this is a path you can't follow me down any longer. You'll lose everything you care about."</p>
<p>"<em>You're</em> one of the things we care about," Draco said. "Don't shut us out again, Rigel. It's our decision to take the risk, not yours."</p>
<p>She shook her head. "I appreciate and welcome your help in preparing for the tournament; Riddle wants me to win anyway, so it's no conflict. As for the legislative issue, please let me handle it. I have plenty of support elsewhere in this matter." She could see her words hit home with wounding bluntness. Draco's face darkened and Pansy dropped her gaze to her hands, subdued. "I'm sorry for involving you all. Excuse me."</p>
<p>She rolled up her letter and strode toward the common room door, feeling incredibly lonely for all that she was certain she'd done the right thing.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>After their Healing lesson on Friday, Rigel invited Hermione to sit with her at the Slytherin table the next morning. Most of the tournament champions did not take meals in the Great Hall, preferring to eat back in Hogsmeade where their lodging was. It was hard to blame them, when the Hogwarts students went out of their way to be less than welcoming. Rigel wanted to introduce the girl to her friends properly, however, and she'd cleared the idea with them before asking.</p>
<p>Everyone promised to be on their best behavior; even still, there was a beat of absolute silence when Hermione approached their table that morning and said, "Hi, Rigel," in a voice that was determinedly cheerful.</p>
<p>"Good morning, Hermione," Rigel said, standing to bow over the girl's hand at once. Hermione flushed with more discomfort than pleasure and cleared her throat briskly.</p>
<p>"I've invited Tahiil as well, if you don't mind." Rigel saw the dark-skinned boy standing just behind Hermione and stuck out her hand with a smile.</p>
<p>"Tahiil, welcome. Chaps? Can we make room, please?"</p>
<p>Draco huffed quietly with annoyance but shuffled left a foot nevertheless. Pansy politely made room at the other side of the gap, students shuffling down in a ripple effect until there was more than enough space for the three of them to sit comfortably. Rigel took an extra moment to make sure Treeslider was not being squished in her robe pocket before returning to her breakfast.</p>
<p>"Thank you for having me," Tahiil said brightly, wasting no time in filling his plate with anything in reach. "I have been wondering what sort of food you ate here at the castle. What bounty! How fortunate we are this day."</p>
<p>"The elves have outdone themselves, as usual," Pansy agreed.</p>
<p>"The house-elves cook all this every day?" Hermione said sharply.</p>
<p>Rigel, remembering her promise to Binny, answered quickly. "Yes, aren't they brilliant? Hogwarts is lucky to have so many talented elves volunteering to work here."</p>
<p>"Volunteering?" Hermione repeated, frowning slightly. "I was under the impression they were bound to serve the castle."</p>
<p>"They are," Rigel said, smiling serenely. "It is a great honor for them, you know, to be bonded to such a prestigious place as this. It probably seems odd to you, as I've heard AIM doesn't house any elves, but house-elves have their own interesting values and cultural practices. I don't know if you've any interest, but I'd be happy to introduce you to a few if you have any questions."</p>
<p>Hermione blinked at her, then nodded slowly. "Yes, I would like that. I've been…wondering about them. Thank you."</p>
<p>"I think that's one of the best parts of this whole tournament," Pansy put in. The perfect smile on her face made Rigel uneasy for some reason. "The chance to learn about other cultures and their magical inhabitants is priceless, don't you think?"</p>
<p>"I quite agree," Hermione said, nodding. She began to choose breakfast items from the offerings before her, speaking all the while. "AIM's curriculum is top-notch by any standard, but it's been fascinating to get a different perspective on magical education. For instance, Transfiguration is taught entirely differently here than it is at my school."</p>
<p>"How can it be different?" Draco asked. He sounded interested despite himself, but when he caught Rigel's slight smile he scowled at her and fixed his eyes back on his food.</p>
<p>Hermione answered him regardless. "Each lesson here seems to focus on a different, very specific Transfiguration. Toucan to teacup, rose to writing desk, and so on. Professor McGonagall tends to let students work out for themselves the amount of magic necessary, doesn't she? And she doesn't explain how exactly one ought to shape one's intent to achieve a given effect. She encourages you all to come to that conclusion on your own. I think that's just <em>fascinating</em>. At AIM the approach is quite different. First we learn to describe the processes of a given subset of transformation—animate-to-inanimate, for instance—using descriptive runes. Then, we calculate the energy required based on magical coefficients of the materials involved and the complexity factors of the chosen process, and only then do we actually put magic to the task."</p>
<p>"Why would you want to complicate it so much?" Theo asked, his jaw slightly agape.</p>
<p>Hermione blinked. "It's always <em>complicated</em>. At AIM we are simply taught to enumerate that complexity before learning a spell, while here at Hogwarts the focus seems to be—and forgive me if I'm mistaken—but it seems to be on developing an instinctual feel for magic on a level that the equations and runic descriptions don't really instill. I bet none of you have to mentally calculate coefficients when you cast a spell, do you?"</p>
<p>"Co-what?" Theo blinked at her, utterly comprehensionless.</p>
<p>"Magical coefficients are only taught in Arithmancy and Alchemy here," Rigel explained. "Hermione is right. We learn Transfiguration the same way we learn Defense, Charms, and Potions. Once we learn a spell, we have a feel for how it should be cast, and refine that impression over time. AIM teaches students to be efficient from the outset, but it sounds as though the trade-off is additional mental acuity required when actively casting. Do you find it slows you down?"</p>
<p>Hermione grimaced. "I wouldn't have said so, before coming here. Seeing how fast you cast during the first task, though…I have to admit, I can't cast so quickly."</p>
<p>"No one is faster than Rigel," Blaise drawled. "You shouldn't use him to determine the average casting rate of Hogwarts students."</p>
<p>"How did you become so fast, then?" Tahiil asked around a mouthful of muffin. "Is it something special about your wand?"</p>
<p>"My wand?" She frowned at him. "There's nothing special about it." At least, nothing that he should be apprised of.</p>
<p>Tahiil shrugged good-naturedly. "I know not much of wands. My people do not use them. I thought perhaps it was like a talisman; a stronger talisman often means stronger magic, no?"</p>
<p>"Most wands are created equal," Blaise offered.</p>
<p>"Most?" Hermione's eyes narrowed. "Not all?"</p>
<p>"He means the Elder Wand. It's just a legend, though. All regular wands are basically the same, despite what a wandmaker will tell you." Millicent took in Hermione's intrigued expression and added, "Seriously, the Elder Wand is just a children's story. No study has ever shown that the average witch or wizard's wand is more or less powerful of its own merit. It's always the witch or wizard that determined the power."</p>
<p>"I would like to try a wand some day," Tahill said thoughtfully. "It will be interesting to see if my magic is more or less powerful with a channel."</p>
<p>"How did you learn magic without a wand?" Theo asked curiously.</p>
<p>"'How' is a difficult question," Tahiil said, favoring the sandy-haired boy with a forthright look. "I suspect it is not so different from how you learn. My people say that all wizards have magic within themselves alone, and a tool to manipulate it is just a crutch. I am not learned enough to say either way. I come from a very small village, with only a handful of elders to teach me the mystic ways." He tilted his head and shrugged. "It is true that perhaps they do not know everything of the world of magic."</p>
<p>"How did you hear about the tournament?" Pansy asked. She blinked wide, pretty eyes at Tahiil. "Coming from such a small village, I mean."</p>
<p>Tahiil smiled widely. "It was most fortuitous! I met a man in Mogadishu when I was collecting supplies for my shaman. He somehow recognized the magic within me, though I gave him no cause to suspect. He offered to make my dreams come true."</p>
<p>"Really?" Millicent leaned forward, exchanging a look with Pansy as she took up the thread of questioning. "What a strange offer."</p>
<p>"Indeed. I did not know how he knew of the Dream Messengers, as he certainly did not appear to be a Uagadou sorcerer, but I was curious. And hopeful," he admitted, shaking his head sheepishly. "It is beyond the fate of one such as I to be invited to the great halls of Uagadou, but my foolish heart did yearn."</p>
<p>"Is Uagadou like Hogwarts?" Hermione asked. "Restrictive in whom they accept, I mean."</p>
<p>Pansy and Millicent shifted uncomfortably, but neither Hermione nor Tahiil seemed to notice.</p>
<p>"In a different way," Tahill said, his cheerful manner fading into seriousness. He lifted his hand to envelope the hall around them. "A school such as this it is, but only the very wealthy may attend. For most, for me, the tribal elders will take in ones who exhibit magic. There is no…no secrecy, as there is here, you see? In my village, everyone knows. My mother and father had no magic, but they recognized it easily in me when I was seven, and in my brother when he was just three. I have been training with my shaman ever since."</p>
<p>"The man who found you in Mogadishu," Pansy began, her tone nonchalant. "Do you remember what he looked like?"</p>
<p>Tahiil grinned. He set down his utensil and lifted both hands before his face, swirling them in a series of gestures too complicated to call a pattern. In the air before him, the figure of a man materialized. Drawn out of light and air, the picture grew rapidly more clear, until Millicent sucked in a breath of surprise.</p>
<p>"Crouch," she muttered, eyes wide.</p>
<p>It was, she realized, peering closer at the translucent image. Tahiil had made a perfect likeness of Barty Crouch Jr., the sallow-faced man she remembered vaguely from the World Cup.</p>
<p>"He must have been sent to recruit for the tournament," Pansy murmured.</p>
<p>"I didn't know Crouch's son was a Party member," Millicent said, eyeing the image with undisguised intrigue. "He's certainly not working for the Department of Magical Games and Sports."</p>
<p>"How do you know?" Theo asked.</p>
<p>"His father doesn't trust him to tie his own shoes," Millicent said dismissively.</p>
<p>"Someone trusted him to find Tahiil," Blaise pointed out.</p>
<p>Riddle. It must be, but why? She was under the impression that he hadn't intended to broadcast the tournament too widely before the candidates had been decided. For some reason, he had specifically sent one of his lackeys to find and recruit Tahiil, a muggleborn from East Africa. For what? The appearance of diversity? Somehow she didn't think so.</p>
<p>It made her wonder who else in the tournament was not a chance submission. Were there others who had been specifically recruited, according to criteria that only Riddle understood? The idea that Riddle was leaving nothing up to chance passed unbidden through her mind.</p>
<p>The morning post momentarily stalled any discussion that might have flourished on the subject. Rigel automatically moved her goblet as an owl descended with a letter. She unrolled it curiously—Krait had no reason to be corresponding so soon after her last shipment, and Archie used the mirror almost exclusively to communicate these days. It was from Lily. She hadn't expected an explanation for the necklace to arrive so soon; her mother must have sent off a reply nearly as soon as the query arrived.</p>
<p><em>Dear Archie,</em></p>
<p><em>Your observations on the Dark Defense Disk (your Uncle James named it) are entirely correct! It doesn't surprise me that Sirius was less than articulate in relating its purpose. Essentially, I've designed it to respond to any attack that meets a certain threshold for power, malicious intent, and Dark energy. It's more than just a very fast shield, however—the magic embedded in the disk is, in fact, an entire ward, anchored to the necklace alone. Remus helped me cast the ward over a three-day period, and I developed a ritual that transferred and sealed the ward semi-permanently within the obsidian disk. </em></p>
<p><em>Harry's research on the concept of Shaped Imbuing certainly influenced the breakthrough in my work; as I am not personally proficient in the skillset, I instead constructed a runic configuration that imbued the magic for me into the vessel of my choosing. The rest of the project—the exact language used to describe the sort of magic the disk needed to detect—has been the ambition of several years of study. Letting a magical object determine intent is particularly challenging, but using inspiration from muggle advancements in algorithmic decision-making, I was able to produce this prototype. I must warn you it won't protect you from mild or even moderate Dark Arts. The necklace is a last resort, and will respond only to attacks likely to maim or kill. I don't anticipate you needing it during a public tournament, Archie, but I want to give you every assurance of safety that I can. </em></p>
<p><em>As to the other matter you wrote us about: we are aware of the recent attempts to revisit that legislation. Alice tipped us off in time to marshal what political resources we can to stall. It is difficult to discredit it entirely in the current atmosphere. On the one hand, the legislation encourages stronger ties between pureblood and halfbloods, and in doing so grants rights that are in themselves attractive to halfbloods. There are many who believe that consolidating magical power in established families may be a good thing in the face of increasingly violent anti-muggleborn sentiments. People are scared. On the other hand, the tournament itself has lent at least a little credence to the argument for blood superiority, though that credibility may weaken or strengthen with time, depending on how the event unfolds. </em></p>
<p><em>We don't want you to worry about any of this, however. Just concentrate on being safe, and don't neglect your studies. In the worst case, Harry is already protected from any ill effects the legislation might bring, and Addy is blessedly young, yet. The menfolk send their best regards. You have all of our love and support. </em></p>
<p><em>Aunt Lily</em></p>
<p>Rigel tucked the letter away slowly, lost in thought. Lily would never say so outright, but she could read well enough between the lines. The very fact that she, a 'pureblood,' was in the lead for points in the tournament was lending momentum to efforts to reintroduce the marriage law. If she made a poor showing in the next task, it might lower popular opinion of the blood supremacy argument, but winning the tournament was the only way to see such legislation gone for good. That, and she was already bound to do her very best in every task. She took a moment to reflect darkly on her own hubris. Had she really thought she could outsmart Riddle? The man had lived and breathed politics and manipulation for longer than she'd been alive. Maybe this entire thing had only been the worst kind of folly. It was hard to think otherwise when her every victory now actively worked against her.</p>
<p>"You look like someone just kicked over your cauldron," Draco said from her left.</p>
<p>"Letter from Aunt Lily," she said. At Blaise's curious, half-lidded glance, she added. "You were right about the pendant. The runic arrays were describing powerful Dark magic. It's designed to defend against it."</p>
<p>"With a shield?" Blaise pressed, eyebrows raised.</p>
<p>"A ward," she said, nodding. "Anchored on the disk itself."</p>
<p>"My, my, that is impressive," Blaise said. "If it works, at least. I wouldn't have said that 'Dark' was quantifiable in that way."</p>
<p>"I almost hope I never find out whether it works," Rigel said, grimacing. "It sounds as though it'll only react to the most dangerous of curses."</p>
<p>"Do you think it would protect you from an Unforgivable?" he asked. His mild tone belied the implications of the question.</p>
<p>"I'm not sure," she admitted slowly. "Lily didn't specify which ward she and Remus imbued it with. It took them three days to cast it, so I imagine it's quite powerful. A ward like that might stop a lesser Unforgivable, but the Killing Curse…well, I don't know of any ward that claims to stop that. Do you?"</p>
<p>Blaise shook his head. "Even still, immunity to the Cruciatus is nothing to sniff at."</p>
<p>"We don't know that for sure," she said. He was right, though. If Lily's imbued ward was sufficiently powerful, it was a priceless protection. Imagine: all the security of painstakingly anchored wards, available in an instant and automatically erected in response to a sufficient threat. It was nothing short of revolutionary. If it worked, every Auror in the country would want one.</p>
<p>It got her thinking about her first aid kit. What if she could apply the same principle, but instead of a ward, a powerful ritual of Healing? There were some rites of Healing so potent that it took several Healers working in concert to realize them. If such a thing could be performed in advance, then bottled for emergencies…her head felt heavy with the implications. She shook it briefly. There was no use getting ahead of herself. Most Healing rituals were extremely specific, and couldn't be applied to general emergency situations.</p>
<p>"That's not what had you upset, though," Draco said. She felt Dom's warning too late—her friend had already determined that something else was preying on her mind.</p>
<p>"Is everything all right at home?" Hermione asked, concern for Archie no doubt prompting the question.</p>
<p>"Just fine," she assured the girl. "Harry and everyone else are well. My aunt just had some news about the marriage law. It's rather put me off my breakfast, I'm afraid."</p>
<p>"The what?" Hermione asked.</p>
<p>Rigel winced inwardly. Of course, Hermione wouldn't know. Archie had probably never thought to bring it up. After the scene in the common room earlier that week, she wasn't keen to hash it out in front of her schoolmates, either.</p>
<p>"It's just a law that's being proposed right now," she said. "My family is attempting to stymie it."</p>
<p>"Why?" Hermione gazed solemnly at her, the breakfast on her plate momentarily forgotten.</p>
<p>"We believe it is disadvantageous to halfbloods and muggleborns," she admitted. At Hermione's fierce frown, she realized there was no way to avoid the girl's questions. She gave in gracefully, explaining as succinctly as possible. "The law incentivizes purebloods to marry halfbloods and vice-versa. It is an attempt to fold halfbloods back into pureblood families, reabsorbing their wealth and any magical gifts in the process. It leaves muggleborns to essentially marry within their own community or else marry muggles, thereby diluting their blood and, consequentially, their influence in society further."</p>
<p>Hermione's jaw was gaping by the time she was finished. "Is it not bad enough that we aren't allowed equal education or employment? We're to be excluded in love, too? Why would anyone support a law that limits their own choices just to spite another group?"</p>
<p>She looked around the table expectantly, as though waiting for a reasonable answer to materialize. Rigel's year mates displayed various stages of discomfort, but none volunteered an argument. Likely they knew it would be met with ferocious disagreement. Tahiil looked interested as well, but he was nowhere near as visibly invested in answers as Hermione. Rigel was about to offer to talk about it later with Hermione, away from the uneasy ears around them, when Adrian Pucey spoke up from a little way down the table.</p>
<p>"You know, I actually agree with the muggleborn." Silence fell in a pool around him as a number of Slytherins stopped pretending not to listen to the discussion and turned to stare. Pucey made a face at the alarmed expressions of his own year mates. "What? I know I'm not the only one thinking it. The law restricts <em>us</em> the most. Our generation is being sacrificed in this giant chess match, expected to marry and procreate with <em>halfbloods</em> just so that subsequent generations retain the power our parents have been steadily allowing to slip through their fingers. It's utterly unfair."</p>
<p>"Careful, Adrian," Bole hissed. "The Party is always listening."</p>
<p>"If we don't voice our concerns, how can the Party take them into account?"</p>
<p>Rigel really doubted the Party cared one way or another what the youngest generation thought about Riddle's grand plan to project pureblood power into the future. Her classmates were expected to carry it out, no questions asked.</p>
<p>"It's not <em>all</em> halfbloods," someone else pointed out reasonably. "Just the ones with two magical parents. Our children will still be purebloods."</p>
<p>"<em>Technical</em> purebloods," Pucey sneered. "I'm not talking about our kids, even. I'm talking about us. Do <em>you</em> want to mate with a halfblood?"</p>
<p>"What's wrong with halfbloods?" Hermione said sharply. At the disbelieving looks her question prompted, she huffed out an annoyed breath. "I'm serious. I really want to know what your exact objections are. Do you see them as lesser wizards? Less human? Both? No one has articulated the precise issue to me. Do you consider me a different race? A different species? Is it a caste issue? I'm just trying to understand."</p>
<p>Rigel could see what it cost the girl to refrain from outright accusing the students around her of ingrained bigotry and irrational prejudice. When Pucey adopted a patronizing expression and began his explanation in the most insulting tone imaginable, it took everything Rigel had not to drop her head into her hands and groan.</p>
<p>"Purebloods and lesser bloods simply don't belong together," Pucey said. He spoke just slowly enough to imply that Hermione must be simple or hard of hearing. "I mean, do you breed roses with wildflowers?"</p>
<p>"What does that have to do with anything?" Hermione's voice was flat and unimpressed.</p>
<p>"A garden must be weeded for the plants that belong to grow healthy and tall. Let the weeds grow in the wild if they must, but they ought not be brought in to infect the garden." Pucey seemed to think he had mustered an impenetrable argument, but Rigel had to suppress an incredulous laugh.</p>
<p>All he'd managed to prove to her was that he had never gardened a day in his life. She leaned forward around Hermione so that Pucey could see the steel in her eyes when she broke into the conversation. "A lot of extremely useful plants grow in the wild, you know. At first sight they don't appear as valuable as common herbs and florae, but in fact the wild ones are much hardier, more likely to cure diseases, and by crossbreeding garden plants with wild ones more variety is achieved, and therefore greater usefulness is gleaned from plants as a whole."</p>
<p>Pucey spluttered, and Hermione added, witheringly, "Every so-called 'garden' plant is just a cultivated version of a plant that once grew wild."</p>
<p>"Well, the useful ones can be grown somewhere else until they're cultivated enough to put in the garden, then." His voice grew in confidence as murmurs of agreement sounded around him. "Just don't introduce them in the garden before they're ready, is all I'm saying."</p>
<p>Rigel openly scoffed. "You think a lot of gardens. In truth, most garden flowers are fairly useless, though, aren't they? Pretty, but poisonous to eat and utterly without redeeming qualities that excuse their delicate constitutions and the extra care required to tend them. Then there are those 'garden plants' that, if grown unchecked, can strangle the garden entirely despite 'belonging' there. No, Pucey, I don't think this is what you're trying to say at all. Quite simply, I think you mean to say that you feel personally disgusted by the idea of consorting with someone of lesser blood. You believe, deep in your gut, that to marry a halfblood would somehow infect you with the stain of the lesser. You're instinctively repulsed by the idea. And that's fine. I doubt you can help it. But you ought to just say so."</p>
<p>She pushed away her plate and gathered her book bag. No one at the table said a word as she stood and left their presence. Hermione and Tahiil retreated as well, just as silently. She tried to feel bad for turning an already awkward conversation into an open attack on her classmates, but she couldn't muster any regret.</p>
<p>"That was very well said," Hermione told her once they'd reached the Entrance Hall. Rigel glanced at her to see if she was being sarcastic, and noticed the girl's lip was bruised where she'd bitten it to keep quiet. It was embarrassing to realize that the AIM girl had more self-control than she did. Rigel had once prided herself on her self-restraint, hadn't she?</p>
<p>"I should not have got so upset," she said, sighing.</p>
<p>"You were filled with conviction, not just anger," Tahiil said. He smiled at her and laid a hand on her shoulder reassuringly. "In such times, it is a disservice to yourself not to speak your mind."</p>
<p>She smiled back weakly. "Thanks, I suppose. I doubt it will make any difference in their opinion, though. And everyone at that table will be just a little less likely to broach that topic with me, which only inhibits my ability to reach them in the long run. No, I should not have said all that. Most days I don't. Lately, though…" Rigel shook her head. "This tournament is getting to me."</p>
<p>"It was designed to get to everyone, I think," Hermione said, frowning. "It's not a coincidence that the legislation you mentioned is coming to light at the same time as the New Triwizard Tournament pits blood categories against one another, is it?"</p>
<p>"No," Rigel said, a slightly hysterical laugh bubbling up in her throat. "No, it isn't."</p>
<p>She excused herself, stalking down into the dungeons with restless strides. She needed to talk to Archie, no matter that it was currently the middle of the night at AIM. She thought she might lose her mind if she didn't talk to someone who understood exactly why the issue was eating away at her insides.</p>
<p>Rigel was nearly jogging with impatience as she reached the common room, and it was a matter of moments to locate the mirror, close her bed curtains, and silence them.</p>
<p>"Harry," she called. Even she could hear the weary desperation in her voice. "Harry, please, are you there?"</p>
<p>"Rigel?" Archie's face—his own, not the twin of hers—swam into focus in the mirror and he blinked at her sleepily from its depths. "What's wrong?"</p>
<p>"Riddle is pushing the marriage law," she blurted. It all came out in a frustration-choked rush. "He's using the time before the tournament is concluded to pass the legislation he'll lose the chance to support if I win. What's worse is that my performance in the tournament is the very thing he's going to use to garner the support to pass it. I've become the wand turned against the people I wanted to help by getting involved in this mess in the first place. Riddle outsmarted me." That was really the crux of the matter, wasn't it? "He wins either way. And all my schoolmates are either supporting the law or against it for exactly the wrong reasons. I have to listen to them disparage my kind, watch the disgust on their faces as they contemplate being bound to people like me, and it's infuriating."</p>
<p>Archie's face had lost its sleepiness, but his voice was still thick as he asked, "Is that all?"</p>
<p>"It that all?" she repeated numbly. "Isn't that bad enough? Or do I have to add in my own bleak future if this law gets passed, not to mention Addy's?"</p>
<p>"I just want to be sure I'm addressing everything when I tell you that it's going to be okay, cuz. I agree that you're in a horrid position, but, well, we always knew you would be, didn't we? It hasn't bothered you so much before." Archie frowned worriedly at her. "Are you sure there isn't anything else? I'm afraid this tournament may be weighing more heavily on you than you're admitting to me."</p>
<p>Rigel let out a long breath and rubbed at her eyes irritably. "Maybe," she said lowly. "Maybe you're right. It's nothing really new, is it? Except I'm afraid Riddle might actually get his law passed this time."</p>
<p>"Even if he does, you'll be all right," Archie said soothingly. "We're already betrothed. No one can force you into any contract. And besides…" He trailed off, grimacing. "Never mind."</p>
<p>Her eyes narrowed. "What?"</p>
<p>Archie hesitated, bit his lip, then said slowly, "Have you considered that it would actually be a good thing for you if the law passed?"</p>
<p>She felt her eyes widen into an incredulous glare but stilled her tongue just in time. This was Archie. He would not say such a thing flippantly. "What do you mean?" she asked, when she was certain she could give a level tone.</p>
<p>"If the legislation passes, any halfblood betrothed or married to a pureblood is automatically afforded equal rights to a pureblood, aren't they?" Archie still sounded reluctant, as though the words were being pulled out of him.</p>
<p>"Yes," she said shortly. "That's what incentivizes halfbloods to go along with it."</p>
<p>"And isn't the biggest danger in our situation that <em>you</em> are a halfblood, and therefore subject to harsher penalties and fewer rights should the ruse be exposed?" Archie grimaced, but forged on to the end. "If the marriage law passes, you'll be in effect a pureblood. That means you can't be sent to Azkaban—can't even be questioned under Veritaserum—in the event that everything we've done for the last three years comes to light. So, in a way, it would be safer for you if the law passed, wouldn't it?"</p>
<p>Rigel's mind raced. She had never thought of it like that before. He was right, though. Somehow, awfully, ironically, if the legislation meant to enhance the inequality in their world did pass, she would be better protected from the consequences of her own actions.</p>
<p>Archie's eyes were pained as he asked, "Would it be so bad then, if we let it pass?"</p>
<p>Her stomach lurched. "Yes, it would. I know what you're saying, Archie, but—I can't. I can't sacrifice the rights and happiness of so many for my own security. If I start to use the advantages given to purebloods for myself, then the Party wins." The words struck a chord deep inside her, and a truth she'd been ignoring for too long reared up and slapped her. "Every minute I spend here, disguised as a pureblood, is a minute the Party wins." She whispered the words, her voice suddenly too weak to give sound to them properly. "Oh, Archie. What have we done?" For a long time, she'd told herself that she was using the pureblood system, playing it. Really, she'd just been playing along.</p>
<p><em>I am just as culpable as any pureblood</em>, she thought.</p>
<p>In the beginning, she'd rationalized the ruse easily. They weren't hurting anyone, after all. Just getting the education each of them wanted and, she thought, deserved. Somehow, they had crossed a line. If she accepted the passing of the marriage law because of the benefit it bestowed on her as a pureblood's fiancé, however, then the line would be so far in the distance she might never find it again. Maybe they'd messed up from the start, but that didn't mean they couldn't start mitigating. She had to do something. She owed it to every halfblood and muggleborn who wasn't blessed with the means to do as she had.</p>
<p>In a way she felt stupid, actively undermining her own security by deciding to continuously oppose the marriage law. In the end, though, it was simply a question of the kind of person she wanted to be.</p>
<p>"We can't let this law happen," she said firmly.</p>
<p>Archie blew out a breath of relief. "In truth, I didn't want to let it go without a fight, either. I had to say something, though, in case you hadn't thought of that."</p>
<p>"Thanks," she said, meaning it. "It's always better to consider everything, even if it makes the decision harder."</p>
<p>"How's Hermione?" he asked after a moment of silence.</p>
<p>"She's just fine," she assured him. "Stirring things up around the castle, though you probably won't be surprised. Did you know she's researching the Fade?"</p>
<p>"Yeah, she's been on about that for a while," Archie confirmed. "She wants to specialize in perinatal-neonatal Healing."</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. "I'm not sure I helped her this morning. Probably alienated everyone in Slytherin who might have spoken to her about it." She ran a hand over her face tiredly. "I'll try to make amends later today."</p>
<p>"You don't have to single-handedly do everything," Archie said. A yawn so wide it cracked his jaw interrupted whatever else he was going to say.</p>
<p>"Never mind all this, Arch. Get some sleep. Sorry I woke you," she said.</p>
<p>"You call on me anytime, cuz. Are you doing all right? The first task had you pretty rattled last time we talked." The soft worry in his eyes left an uncomfortable feeling in her chest. She didn't need him worrying about her, too.</p>
<p>"I'm just fine. Promise. Talk to you soon."</p>
<p>"Night."</p>
<p>She slid the mirror underneath her pillow and sighed. For just a brief moment, she tucked her knees into her chest and buried her head in her arms. She was supposed to be reining in her opinions, not getting increasingly worked up at the breakfast table. How many times since the beginning of the year had she lost her temper with her friends? More than the rest of her years at Hogwarts combined, she thought.</p>
<p><em>Maybe I need another outlet.</em> She didn't always make it to Draco's dueling club as it was, though, so she didn't know when she could find the time for another de-stressing activity. It already felt as though every hour she wasn't spending preparing for the tournament was an hour that actively increased the relative level of risk she would take in the next task. At least, that's how Snape made it seem. She didn't want to think what he'd say to her if he saw her flying aimlessly around the Quidditch pitch on her broom.</p>
<p>Rigel rolled her neck with one last self-indulgent sigh and canceled the silencing spell around her curtains. Immediately, she realized there was someone else in the room, quietly shuffling near the foot of her bed. With a jolt of discomfort that smoothed into wariness as she reminded herself that they couldn't have heard what she was talking about through the silencing spell, Rigel peeled back the curtains and dropped down from the bed.</p>
<p>Draco looked up at her from where he was rummaging in his trunk and stood swiftly. "Rigel. I was just, well…should I come back, or…?" He trailed off, his eyes dipping down across her rumpled clothing before darting over to the curtains and back to her face, awkwardly quick.</p>
<p>"What?" She frowned in confusion at the flush that was creeping up his neck from his collar. She looked back toward the bed, to where her rumpled covers lay innocently behind mostly closed curtains. What was he…? She blinked, whirling her head back around to gape at Draco in surprised embarrassment. "Oh. No. I—<em>no</em>."</p>
<p>She could feel the blush that bloomed across her cheeks like a hot brand, sudden and irrepressible. He thought she'd been…she shook her head at the thought. She could sort of understand how silenced curtains in the middle of the day might be misleading, but at the same time, did he really think she had stormed out of the Great Hall to do <em>that?</em></p>
<p>Draco's discomfort shifted slowly into amusement as she cleared her throat in acute mortification. She didn't know why she was even embarrassed—she hadn't been doing anything, and even if she was, what business what it of his?—but something about the way Draco's eyes drank in her flushed expression made it all worse. He tilted his head with a slight smile. "You don't have to be embarrassed," he said softly.</p>
<p>"I'm not," she said. Her voice came out thin and breathy, as though she'd just run several miles. "I wasn't—I was just—" She broke off, not quite embarrassed enough to tell him about the mirror.</p>
<p>Her friend went still, eyes focused on something she couldn't see. "Hmm." Dom's mental warning came just then, and she winced against the pain. No kidding, she grumbled internally, belatedly called up her Occlumency as Draco openly scrutinized her emotions.</p>
<p>"Stop reading me," she said, scowling. "There's nothing there."</p>
<p>"I wouldn't say 'nothing.'" He chuckled, eyes skating across her still-present flush. He lifted a hand to her cheek, almost absently touching the heat there. When had he moved so close? The feel of his fingers against her face summoned more warmth from her stomach, and she inhaled sharply. Knocked from whatever trance had momentarily taken hold of her, Rigel whirled away to grab her book bag.</p>
<p>"I—have to go brew," she lied, keeping her head determinedly down, eyes fixed anywhere but into Draco's stormy grey.</p>
<p>"Rigel, <em>wait</em>." Draco called after her as she darted for the door, but she kept going.</p>
<p>She knew if she made it to the common room, he wouldn't make a scene. If he was even going to. She didn't know what to make of him at the moment. He wasn't…was he? First Leo, now Draco. <em>No</em>, she thought stubbornly, shaking her head to rid it of such a ridiculous thought. Draco had never indicated any of that sort of interest in Rigel. He was probably just poking fun at her embarrassment.</p>
<p>Even knowing that, her cheeks didn't cool until she was safely cloistered in her lab. She pushed the odd encounter forcefully from her mind; she'd rather think about how phoenix tears might be used as an amplifying ingredient in potent healing potions. In fact, she might have to think about that all morning and most of the afternoon.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>That evening, Rigel finally got around to the genealogy section of the library. She still felt there was something off about Riddle. It was time to arm herself with facts.</p>
<p>It only took a few hours to confirm what she'd already deduced: there were no Wizarding records of a Riddle family in Britain. Since she'd never heard anyone suggest Riddle might be foreign, she turned her attention to the one thing she knew for certain about the man. Riddle was a Parselmouth. If she assumed that he'd come by the gift honestly, then he must have a connection to the Peverell family somewhere, just as she did through the Potters.</p>
<p>The Peverells were an old family, but theirs was a tree twisted with tragedy, and there weren't actually many branches left by the twentieth century. The Peverells were entirely extinct in the male line. The only two families with noted connections in a tome from the end of the nineteenth century were the Potters and the Gaunts.</p>
<p>She'd never heard of the House of Gaunt. They weren't mentioned at all in the most recent editions of the books of Gold, Silver, and Bronze. Had they died out in the last century? Or was there some other reason the family had faded into obscurity?</p>
<p>Frustrated by the dead end, Rigel tried tracing Slytherin House instead, since so many of Riddle's followers were convinced he held some secret claim to that lordship. Slytherin's line was descendent from the Peverells maternally, which was how the famous wizard had been blessed with the serpent tongue, but Parseltongue alone couldn't prove the relation in Rigel's eyes. Not when she knew the Peverells had left non-Slytherin branches as well. Riddle couldn't claim that Lordship unless he came from Slytherin's male issue. The Hogwarts founder had never been prolific, and it wasn't long before she found the surname Gaunt in <em>his</em> family tree as well. The Gaunts had a double claim to Parseltongue, then. She reluctantly traced the family's tree further, closer and closer to the modern day.</p>
<p>The family seemed to split at some point, with Rionach Gaunt's daughter journeying to America in the seventeenth century, where she would go on to found the Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. That secondary branch never returned to Britain, but the titled branch, which the author of <em>Founder's Legacy: Heirs and Heirlooms</em> had painstaking traced, went as far as Corvinus Gaunt, who was confirmed a student in the Hogwarts registry in the eighteenth century.</p>
<p>With both Peverell and Slytherin lines dead-ending in the House of Gaunt, it was more than likely Riddle was connected to the family. The only alternative was Riddle coming from an unknown branch on the Potters' side of the Peverell tree. She shuddered at the thought.</p>
<p>Rigel stretched out her neck as she began stacking the books she no longer needed for re-shelving. It was nearly curfew, but she still had several more books she wanted to check. She cleared away her workspace, found a secluded isle and, after ensuring that nobody could see her, drew out her Invisibility Cloak.</p>
<p>Hidden from prefects and librarians alike, Rigel found an older version of the <em>Book of Gold</em>, this one from the middle of the eighteenth century, and there she found Corvinus Gaunt again, this time listed in possession of the lordship of the House of Gaunt. His son was listed below him, and in the next two editions of the <em>Book of Gold,</em> she found his grandson and great-grandson, too. That was where the line seemed to end, however. The Hogwarts library didn't have every edition of the<em> Book of Gold</em>—it was published every five years, but the genealogy section only had editions marking every twenty-five years, likely to save space. In 1925, the House of Gaunt was extant in the person of Marvolo Gaunt, but in 1950, the family was dropped from the <em>Book of Gold</em> without explanation.</p>
<p>Anything could have happened in those fifty years. The heirs might all have died. The lordship could have been withdrawn for legal reasons or transferred to another family through marriage. Normally, however, the lordship would still be listed in that case, with the transfer made plain. It was odd that the family simply disappeared. She looked back in the 1925 <em>Book of Gold</em> and frowned. Marvolo Gaunt had two children. A son, Morfin Gaunt, who should have taken over the lordship, and a daughter, Merope.</p>
<p>Merope was the first daughter in several generations. If Riddle had been descendant from the male line, his last name would be Gaunt. Merope was the only candidate in recent history to have passed on both Peverell and Slytherin genes to an alternate family name. Born in 1907, she should have been a student at Hogwarts by 1919 at the latest. When Rigel made her way over to the school records, however, there was no Merope Gaunt to be found.</p>
<p>A squib, maybe. Or else she'd been schooled abroad. There was no record of Morfin Gaunt at Hogwarts, either. The family was still in Britain in 1925, however, or Marvolo Gaunt wouldn't have retained the lordship at that time. Was it possible <em>both</em> children had been squibs? That would certainly disqualify the family from the <em>Book of Gold</em>. It might also explain why Riddle never claimed an open connection to them. He didn't exactly hide it, though, did he? His middle name was Marvolo, she recalled with dawning certainty. She'd looked it up herself in second year. It couldn't be sheer coincidence.</p>
<p>She had one last avenue of attack, though she was reluctant to take it. The library kept copies of the <em>Daily Prophet</em> for posterity, but there were so many issues of the paper they were actually nestled in undetectable expansion charms in the relevant stacks. It would probably take her weeks, possibly months, to go through the ones from 1925 to 1950 one at a time, and she didn't know any magic that would speed the process.</p>
<p><em>May as well start tonight</em>, she thought, resigned. The mystery would only eat at her otherwise. The <em>Book of Gold</em> was published in April, so she began with May, 1925. Most of the headlines were utterly mind-numbing. It was at once amusing and depressing to realize that all the problems of modern society had been persistent for at least three-quarters of a century. Corruption, crime, and scandal blared up at her from the faded pages, in between routine human interest pieces and Quidditch scores.</p>
<p>As the night wore on, she realized it was going to take much longer than a few weeks at the rate she was going. She'd only reached September, 1925, and her eyes had already begun to droop. With a sigh of defeat, she promised herself sleep after finishing the expanded box she was arm-deep in.</p>
<p>Then, almost unfathomably, she found it. FATHER AND SON SENTENCED SIMULTANEOUSLY. HOUSE OF GAUNT NO MORE! Her eyes, now wide with alertness, skimmed the article with mounting perturbation.</p>
<p><em>Marvolo Gaunt found guilty of child abuse and obstruction of justice…stripped of lordship…son declared clinically insane…facing six months and three years in Azkaban prison respectively. </em></p>
<p><em>The once ancient House's remaining issue, Miss Merope Gaunt, is currently unlocatable, this according to Ministry officials assigned to collect her from the Gaunt residence in Little Hangleton for the trial. Marvolo Gaunt declared his daughter a squib, which disallows her the option to inherit the lordship herself. Without a declared heir, the House of Gaunt will join many other pureblood families in noble extinction. </em></p>
<p>That answered the question of the <em>Book of Gold</em>. The House of Gaunt was declared extinct after the disqualification of both Lord and Heir for criminal behavior and mental unfitness. Merope had been declared a squib by her own father, thus prohibiting her from taking up the mantle in his absence, and the young woman had apparently disappeared after her father and brother were taken into custody.</p>
<p>Rigel returned the newspapers to their stacks, her mind spinning with the implications. She was almost positive Riddle was the son of Merope Gaunt. His family, while ancient and pure, was also disgraced, plagued with the stain of insanity and squibhood, whether the allegations were true or not. To take up the mantle of Slytherin's name, Riddle would also have to claim the sordid Gaunt family history.</p>
<p>Then there was the fact that she'd seen no Merope née Gaunt in any of the modern books of Gold, Silver, or Bronze. Merope Gaunt had never married into any of the established families. That could only mean one of two things: that Riddle was born out of wedlock—a scandal all its own, which would disqualify him from inheriting the Gaunt Family title regardless, much less the Slytherin lordship—or that Riddle's father wasn't a pureblood.</p>
<p>In either case, it was obvious why Riddle had never tried to publicly claim to be Slytherin's Heir. Instead, he hinted at it behind closed doors, gave just enough justification to keep people from looking too closely. Who would be inclined to disbelieve polite, attractive Tom Riddle? Riddle, whose magic hung around him in a cloak of sheer power, Riddle, who spoke Parseltongue and whose brilliant mind and perfect manners kept him always beyond reproach.</p>
<p>Rigel scowled as she stalked out of the library under her Invisibility Cloak. Maybe everyone else was falling for it, but she refused to be impressed.</p>
<p>The next time she saw Hermione, she decided, she would ask the girl to help her post a muggle letter to the public records office in Little Hangleton. If she pretended to be an estranged relation looking for family connections, she might be able to find some evidence of where Riddle had acquired his distinctly muggle surname.</p>
<p>With an admittedly vindictive smile on her face, Rigel crept into the Slytherin common room and slid off the Invisibility Cloak. The fires were low, and even the most dedicated of NEWT students had long gone to bed. It was only when she drew even with the cluster of chairs and couches that surrounded the fireplace closest to the fourth-year dorms that she saw him.</p>
<p>Draco was fast asleep on the couch closest to the fire, a troubled frown marring his otherwise smooth complexion. Rigel paused, tempted to simply continue to her room and pretend she hadn't seen the boy. She was too exhausted to deal with him. Then she sighed. He'd probably tried to wait up for her. They had left things somewhat…strange, that morning.</p>
<p>She told herself there was no use avoiding her best friend forever. It had probably been a misunderstanding. Rigel tucked her cloak away in her bag and reached out a hand to shake Draco gently by the shoulder.</p>
<p>The blond boy murmured disgruntledly, but didn't wake.</p>
<p>"Dray," she said softly. "Come on, you can't sleep here."</p>
<p>"Rye?" Draco's face scrunched in unconscious complaint before he blinked sleepy eyes open and fixed them blearily her way. "What time's it?"</p>
<p>"Time for bed," she said vaguely. "Here, let's get you up." She began to bustle him into a standing position. He took several slow steps toward the dorm before stumbling to a halt.</p>
<p>"Wait," he murmured, shaking his head sharply. "I was waiting for you. I wanted to talk to you." He pulled his arm from her helpful grasp and reversed the grip, at once pulling her to a stop beside him and stepping too close. His breath stirred her fringe with the gentlest of breezes. When had he grown so tall, exactly? "You ran off earlier." His voice was still thick with sleep, but the words were growing increasingly articulate. "I didn't mean to make you run."</p>
<p>"I just remembered something I had to do," she said quietly. Her eyes trailed down to the side, neither toward him nor away, exactly.</p>
<p>"I went to your lab. The door was locked."</p>
<p>"Was it?" She cleared her throat. "Well, we can talk about it tomorrow. It's late."</p>
<p>Draco shook his head with a grimace. "I want to say it now. Rigel, you're my best friend. I wouldn't—I didn't mean to make it weird."</p>
<p>Rigel cursed the fluttering in her belly. Somehow, the soft feelings swimming around inside her at the vaguely defined question of what, exactly, Draco meant were enough to strangle her courage completely. She didn't ask him how he felt about her. She didn't think she wanted to know. Didn't know what answer she would prefer. Instead, she stole a glance up at him and said faintly, cowardly, "It's not weird. We're good."</p>
<p>Her friend's face, so familiar to her, was alien in that moment. She knew those eyes, those cheekbones, that mouth. Yet in that moment she couldn't read his expression at all. "Do you…forgive me?"</p>
<p>"Of course," she said without hesitation. She would willingly pretend the electric moment between them had never happened.</p>
<p>"I wonder," Draco whispered. He leaned toward her, his eyes so intent with unspoken possibilities she found herself caught between contrary impulses. Part of her wanted to back away, but the other part was caught in a breathless curiosity. She stared back at him, as though she might discern the nuances of his motivations if she could only untangle the emotions in his eyes. "How far will your forgiveness extend, Rigel?"</p>
<p>She knew what he was going to do—it was obvious, really—and the shock was no excuse for what she didn't do. She didn't pull away, didn't twist her head. She held very still and let him kiss her.</p>
<p>It was the barest of pressure, his lips against hers. The softest of sighs, hers or his, she wasn't sure. Her eyes dipped against the feeling without conscious effort, but when his hand came up to graze the smooth skin of her neck she gasped and retreated, reason flooding back into her brain at last.</p>
<p>She stared up at him in slowly dawning horror. "Oh, Dray. We can't. <em>I</em> can't. I'm sorry." What had she been thinking? Where had careful, deliberate Rigel gone and who was this hormone-inflamed psycho who'd taken over her body? Was she really so tired that she'd let her guard down completely? And what did it say that, when she let herself, <em>this</em> was how she acted around her closest friend?</p>
<p>Draco's expression was still soft as he gazed down at her. She wondered if he felt as dazed and confused as she did. "Was it so wrong, Rigel? I know you feel this, too."</p>
<p>Irritation rose up over the embarrassment and fear and she clung to it with both hands. "Don't read me. It isn't fair."</p>
<p>"How else am I to know? You never show your true feelings." Draco was frowning now, hurt creeping into his tone.</p>
<p>"My feelings are irrelevant. Listen to my <em>words</em>, Draco. This can't happen again." Rigel took two steps backwards, pointedly firming her stance as she reclaimed her space.</p>
<p>He narrowed his eyes at her, visibly gathering himself. "If that's what you want."</p>
<p>"It is."</p>
<p>The words nearly choked her. She had no idea what she wanted. What did it matter? The only thing that mattered, all that ever had, was the ruse. Whatever was hanging in the air between them like a siren's call, it could not be allowed to grow stronger. She couldn't afford any distractions, now of all times, and Draco could not afford to tangle his heart up in hers, regardless of whether he knew it or not.</p>
<p>"Fine, then. Goodnight, Rigel." Draco turned and strode down the hallway with measured steps, the firm line of his back an argument against any concern she might have that his feelings were hurt or his pride irredeemably shattered.</p>
<p>He would be fine, she told herself. They would be fine. In the morning, all of this would seem like a nonsensical dream. She gave her friend ten minutes before following him to their dorm room. Sneaking through the darkness, trying not to listen to the sound of his breathing, she felt like the worst sort of coward. No matter how many times she repeated to herself that she'd done the right thing, for both of them, she couldn't drown the self-reproach that crawled its way into her chest. Weary and regretful, she fell into an uneasy sleep.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>She spent Sunday morning in her lab. She told herself she'd meant to work on a few things for Krait in any case, and that she wasn't hiding from Draco. He'd pretended nothing was wrong that morning at breakfast, but his coolly polite demeanor only made the churning in her own stomach more confusing.</p>
<p>The second task was only a week away. She couldn't afford any distractions. That was the mantra that echoed in her mind as she took out the ingredients to an emotion suppression potion and stared at them. It would be easy, and take her no time at all. All the poorly defined emotions swirling around inside her would go away, calmed beneath the blanket of magical control. Occlumency could help her conceal them, but it didn't prevent her from feeling.</p>
<p>Only the fear that emotions, like magic, might somehow get stronger when repressed stopped her from brewing a double batch then and there. As disturbing as her new, unwanted awareness of Draco was, it might be best to let it eat at her until it ran out of steam.</p>
<p>She set the ingredients aside. Rigel knew she could always change her mind later, if the odd tension between her and Draco became too disrupting.</p>
<p>After a peaceful lunch with Binny in the kitchens, in which she attempted to listen more closely to the elf's explanations of human-French grammar, Rigel made her way to lab three for yet another non-potions-related lesson with Snape.</p>
<p>Her Head of House must have noticed the resigned, cheerless set of her face when she trudged into the lab, as he adopted a long-suffering expression and said, "Don't pout, Rigel. It's unbecoming of a Slytherin."</p>
<p>"I'm not," she said, aware that this only made her sound more put out. What did he expect? She couldn't pretend to be happy about the direction her apprenticeship had taken.</p>
<p>"Have you kept the projection ability up all week?"</p>
<p>"Today is my last day," she confirmed quickly, hope rising irrepressibly in her chest.</p>
<p>Snape considered her for a long moment before inclining his head. "Then, after the second task, we will begin freebrewing."</p>
<p>"<em>After?</em>" Rigel frowned, mildly outraged.</p>
<p>"There will be plenty of time after," Snape said firmly. "It's important that you do well in this task."</p>
<p>"Why this one in particular?" she asked. "Aren't they all important?"</p>
<p>"It will cement your supremacy at the top of the pureblood category if you outperform both Krum and Shang in the second task," Snape explained. The frown above his gaze told her she should have already worked this out for herself. "Then, regardless of how far you make it in the third task, there will be a strong argument for your being chosen as the pureblood champion."</p>
<p>She mulled that over for a moment before saying, "What about after Yule? Is Riddle so confident that I can beat whoever wins out in the other two categories?"</p>
<p>Snape's face closed, and Rigel's eyes narrowed. There was something there, she knew. Her professor proved unwilling to speculate further, however, as the dark-haired man swept across the lab with a flourish and changed the subject. "We've been covering counteractive magic the last several lessons."</p>
<p>"I've noticed," she said dryly. It hadn't been hard to deduce that whatever the second task was, it involved counteracting spells, wards, and curses. That was all Snape had emphasized since the first task's conclusion.</p>
<p>Snape was not amused by her levity. "Then you'll be well-prepared for today's test." He produced a small box from his robes and laid it on the counter. Rigel approached slowly to look it over. The wooden cube looked innocuous enough, but she'd learned in the last few lessons that the most dangerous wards and curses were supposed to look harmless. That was how they caught a witch or wizard unprepared. "You have fifteen minutes to open this <em>without</em> destroying its contents."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded and took out her wand. A general revealing charm produced no reaction. She cast <em>Alohomora</em> and immediately had to shield herself from a roiling bolt of magic that shot out at her from the box. It now glowed an ominous red, and subsequent attempts to get a spell through its little red aura failed and fizzled upon contact. Sometimes the spells she tried prompted an attack, and sometimes the box simply sat there.</p>
<p>She paused in her casting to consider a different approach. One of the principles Snape had been attempting to teach her was that most protections were focused in certain directions. A ward, Snape said, was often like a bridge. A bridge can withstand an enormous amount of force—from certain directions. Bridges are designed to hold immense weight before collapsing, because carrying weight it what a bridge does, and sometimes a bridge can withstand sudden stress from the side, if the builder was very clever and anticipated storms or earthquakes. Very few bridges, on the other hand, are intended to bear load from below. A proportionately small amount of force can crack a bridge from beneath, when the same amount of power applied from any other direction wouldn't shake it.</p>
<p>Most wards were like bridges, because they'd been designed to keep something in or something out, but rarely had protections focused in both directions.</p>
<p>Maybe the box was like a bridge, too. Rigel tucked her wand away and placed her hand on the counter next to the box. After a glance at Snape, she thought better of that, and wandlessly levitated the box onto the ground, instead. Kneeling, she laid the palm of her hand against the stone floor beside it and channeled her magic into the flagstone.</p>
<p>The stone slid away from the box in ripples, and the box, after a moment's silent resistance, broke apart as portions of wood were pulled into the void left in the stone beneath it. When it fell still, the wooden box was melded to the floor, all four sides warped beyond its intended shape. With its structural integrity went the integrity of the magic sustaining its protections, and Rigel was able to pry the lid off with relative ease. She pulled out a bright blue robin's egg and grinned.</p>
<p>Snape stared down at her, eyebrows raised. "What, precisely, was that, Rigel? We haven't covered transfiguration as a destabilizing technique."</p>
<p>"It's something Professor Dumbledore taught me," she said, rising from her crouch with the egg in her hand. She realized after hefting it that it wasn't a real egg; it was a hollowed shell and light as a feather.</p>
<p>"Alchemy without runes?" Snape's thoughtful gaze slid from the box to Rigel's face.</p>
<p>"It's a bit like wandless magic," she offered. "Instead of the runes there to shape the reaction, you have to guide it with will. The amount of raw magic required in the technique makes it prohibitive to complex reactions, but for simple stuff it's a lot faster than drawing out the runic array. The more runes you omit, though, the more individual shaping intents you have to replace with your own will."</p>
<p>He lowered his lids sharply. "You mean to say that it requires simultaneously projecting multiple, separate intents in your mind as you cast?"</p>
<p>She nodded. "Exactly. It's kind of tricky to conceptualize, but Occlumency helps. I can cast while holding six or seven separate shaping ideas at once, provided they aren't too contradictory. It helps that most runes in a single array will be complementary."</p>
<p>"Incredible," he breathed. "What else can you do with it?"</p>
<p>"Besides fusing adjacent things, I can light a fire, dissolve most substances into particulate matter, and do basic phase shifts—water into ice, that sort of thing." She was pretty proud of how quickly she'd managed to apply the most basic of concepts discussed in Dumbledore's supplementary textbook. It helped that shorthand alchemy was a combination of several other skills she already possessed. In fact, it was sort of like shaped imbuing, only with multiple spells at once.</p>
<p>"Can you undo it?" he asked, eyeing the box again.</p>
<p>She winced. "Not really. I could separate it from the floor, but the portions of wood that have been melded with the stone won't un-meld without painstaking arrays."</p>
<p>He didn't look terribly pleased that his floor was now marred, but she thought he ought to be glad she had the foresight not to ruin the counter, at least.</p>
<p>Snape had her practice several more shorthand alchemical reactions, this time with materials of his choosing, before declaring himself satisfied with her efforts for the day.</p>
<p>"You promise we'll start freebrewing as soon as the second task is over?" Rigel checked. She didn't want to leave without confirmation of that much, at least.</p>
<p>Her Head of House sneered at her, amusement in his black eyes. "Do you even remember how to brew? It's been so long since I've supervised you. Perhaps we ought to start with a Boil Cure, just in case."</p>
<p>She glared at him, but then a thought struck her and she frowned. "Actually, sir. There is something lately… I've over-brewed a number of potions without meaning to. Does that happen to potioneers as they become more capable?"</p>
<p>"Quite the opposite," Snape said flatly. "Have you been imbuing too much magic?"</p>
<p>She shook her head. "Same as always. It's automatic for most potions, now. I haven't had to actually check for a while, but lately when I do check, there's too much magic in the potions, even though I haven't imbued any longer than usual."</p>
<p>Snape pressed his lips together in displeasure. "Your rate of imbuing should not be noticeably faster, unless, of course, you've been repressing your magic again and it has grown <em>stronger</em>."</p>
<p>Rigel shook her head quickly. "I haven't."</p>
<p>"Have you changed your ingredient source?"</p>
<p>"No."</p>
<p>Snape evidently did not believe her, as he held out his hand expectantly. "Your kit."</p>
<p>She pulled it out of her book bag with a sigh. The potions master extracted a few ingredients at random and bent his attention toward them with a scowl. He let them fall to the table almost at once. "These are brimming with superfluous magic, Rigel. Where did you get them? The Forbidden Forest?"</p>
<p>"The same apothecaries as always," she told him, utterly bewildered.</p>
<p>Snape began to pace the lab, stalking slowly as he turned the problem over in his mind. After a few minutes he stopped and grimaced. "You've been practicing your magical awareness with your kit on you."</p>
<p>She blinked. "Yes," she said slowly. "I always have it one me. You think my magic interacted with the ingredients when I projected it out around me?" She hoped not. She really didn't want to have to replace <em>everything</em> in her kit. It was countless Galleons worth of ingredients.</p>
<p>"It is likely that you lose small amounts of magic to the air when you practice the sensing technique. Over time, with repeat exposure, the ingredients have been slowly absorbing it. With more potent ingredients than usual, the amount of magic you're used to imbuing will saturate the brew. You're lucky none of these ingredients have become unstable." Snape looked satisfied with the explanation. He raised his eyebrows at her, as though inviting her to challenge him with some other problem.</p>
<p>All she could think about, though, was Matheus Sousa. "I lent him the salvia," she muttered in horror. She could feel the blood drain away from her cheeks.</p>
<p>"Come again?" Snape demanded.</p>
<p>She groaned. "Sousa. Before the first task. He was looking for salvia and I gave him some of mine, but it was probably saturated, too! What if it's <em>my</em> fault he failed the first task?"</p>
<p>"There's nothing you can do now," Snape said, sounding unconcerned.</p>
<p>"I can apologize," she murmured, scowling. She hated to think that she was the reason the boy had wound up insensate in a forest full of dangerous creatures, but it made sense. Divination potions were incredibly delicate, as any mind-altering potion would be, and an imbalance in magic that stressed the properties of <em>salvia divinorum</em> would certainly be enough to tip the effects of such a brew closer to 'comatose' than 'enlightened.'</p>
<p>"Don't admit to anything in haste," Snape cautioned her.</p>
<p>She wasn't really listening. She had to find Sousa now and apologize, and possibly warn him against using any more of the too-potent salvia.</p>
<p>"Thanks for the lesson, Professor. I've got to go."</p>
<p>He called after her, but she hastened out of the lab to find an out-of-the-way alcove. Once alone, she dug out the Marauder's Map and scanned it methodically for the dot she needed. 'Matheus Sousa' hovered near the edge of the Forbidden Forest, and Rigel sighed with relief. She'd rather sort this out immediately than dwell on it until she saw the boy again.</p>
<p>It was late afternoon, and the trees at the very edge of the forest seemed utterly unremarkable, leaves shifting innocently in the chilly winter breeze, as though they hadn't housed the terrors that still brought a feeling of panicked foreboding even though she wasn't planning on re-entering the forest anytime soon.</p>
<p>Treeslider poked his head out of her pocket with a tentative flick of his tongue. <em>"You are bringing me home, Ssspeaker?"</em></p>
<p>Rigel frowned. She'd grown quite used to the comforting weight of the snake dozing in her pocket or curled in her lap over the last week. Her professors had all been incredibly lenient with his presence, probably more out of pity than any real desire to tolerate an exception to the rules about acceptable pets, and Rigel had no desire to release the boomslang snake into the wild again when he'd only just woken up from his Healing sleep a few days ago.</p>
<p>"<em>Only if you desssire to return. You may stay will me asss long asss you wisssh."</em> She put a warming charm on him wandlessly, and told herself she wasn't bribing him to stay with her. A chill wouldn't be good for the cold-blooded creature while he was still on the mend.</p>
<p>Treeslider peered up at her in silent contemplation before retreating into her pocket with a contented hiss. "<em>Ssspeaker needsss looking after</em>," he added quietly from the depths of her robes.</p>
<p>Pleased that he wasn't eager to go back to the forest, Rigel took out the Map again and followed the edge of the forest around behind Hagrid's hut, where she found Sousa lying on his belly, his head pillowed in a bed of wild clover. To all appearances he was simply taking a nap, but Rigel found herself hurrying toward him in concern, nonetheless.</p>
<p>The dark-haired boy shifted his head as her footsteps crunched across the dry grass. His shaggy hair flopped back to reveal a considering eye that followed her approach curiously. When she stopped a couple feet from his prone form, Sousa let out a gusty sigh and flopped over on his back.</p>
<p>"It is the boy with plants in his pocket," he remarked. His arms reached up in an indolent stretch before coming to rest behind his head. "You are come to rain green gifts on me?"</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. "I actually came to ask you about the sage I gave you. I think there may have been something wrong with it."</p>
<p>"The salvia?" He raised his eyebrows at her. "Good stuff. I didn't guess it so good."</p>
<p>"It was over-saturated with magic, I think," she admitted, frowning down at his unconcerned expression. She felt decidedly awkward standing over him while they had a conversation. "It may have made whatever you brewed with it too strong."</p>
<p>He nodded slowly. "Good stuff. You have more?"</p>
<p>"More?" She struggled against the impulse to splutter. "I'm worried I accidentally poisoned you."</p>
<p>"I can handle it," he assured her. An amused smile tugged at the edges of his lips. "I make no mistakes in potions."</p>
<p>Rigel pressed her lips together. "You never know, Sousa. Maybe you're misusing it somehow. I could look at your recipe if you like."</p>
<p>It was odd to realize that someone could look patronizing while they were lying at her feet, but Sousa managed it with effortless enjoyment. "Just ask," he told her, eyes alight with mischief.</p>
<p>"Fine. Did you intentionally dose yourself with a mind-altering potion during the first task?" She felt bad voicing the question, but the Brazilian boy was deliberately egging her toward this blunt engagement.</p>
<p>"Yes."</p>
<p>"I—you did?" Rigel shook her head, uncomprehending. "But why?"</p>
<p>Sousa sighed, letting his eyes drift away from her troubled expression, up toward the golden afternoon sky. "I am not angry, if you fear it. Your salvia is very strong, but it did not ruin my potion."</p>
<p>"You can't have meant to leave yourself so vulnerable during the task," she argued. Why she was arguing against his own self-proclaimed motivations, she didn't know. It just didn't seem possible that anyone could be so reckless, or so utterly blasé about such an ignoble use of potions ingredients.</p>
<p>"I never had so intense a high," he said. His voice was smooth and low, as though fondly recalling a treasured memory.</p>
<p>Rigel could feel a frustrated scowl creeping its way across her face. "Why did you enter the tournament if you weren't going to take it seriously? You could have got yourself or someone else killed."</p>
<p>A shadow crossed Sousa's face for the first time. "I did not enter," he said, his voice clipped.</p>
<p>She felt her irritation wither on the vine. Sousa, too? That made three of them, then, if she included Tahiil. "Were you recruited?" she asked, sinking to her knees on the ground beside him. "Tahiil was, too."</p>
<p>Sousa looked mildly interested in that fact, but shook his head. "My school gave them my name. The school board wanted rid of me for a year. They say if I want to stay enrolled next year, I have no choice."</p>
<p>"That's horrid," she murmured. "No one should be forced into a competition like this."</p>
<p>"It is not all bad. I have more time for my research this year with no classes."</p>
<p>"And what are you researching?" she asked, curious despite herself.</p>
<p>A tranquil smile bloomed on his face and he looked up at her with rapture in his eyes. "Euphoria."</p>
<p>Rigel huffed a laugh despite herself. "Right. Well, try not to get yourself killed with my ingredients, Sousa."</p>
<p>"Matheus, please," he said cajolingly. "You mean not to give me more salvia?"</p>
<p>"Not on your life," she said sweetly. Rigel rose and dusted her knees. "Good luck in the next task."</p>
<p>"You as well. Really," he added at her rueful look. "You make an odd face when you win. It is funny."</p>
<p>She left him to his relaxation and trekked steadily back toward the castle, her thoughts awhirl. How many of them were really in the tournament by choice? Rigel had her own reasons for participating, of course. Tahiil was grateful to be here, but hadn't sought it out. Sousa had been entered as a way to foist him away from Castelobruxo for a year. Delacour had hinted that her Headmistress strongly influenced her decision to participate, and Shang had as much as admitted that she was there as a junior diplomat, tasked to raise awareness of the power and skill of the Middle Kingdom's magical community.</p>
<p>That left Krum, Antiope, Owens, and Hermione as the only champions here to compete for themselves. Even Hermione had a bigger reason for competing, though—she wanted to prove to the world that muggleborns should be taken seriously and treated as equals.</p>
<p>Rigel had to wonder whether Riddle knew that Sousa had been entered in bad faith. She also wondered why Tahiil had been recruited, when there were plenty of muggleborns around the world who'd probably thrown their hats into the ring. Maybe he didn't <em>want</em> the best candidates worldwide. Riddle liked to prove his points on his terms, after all.</p>
<p><em>And I'm helping him do it</em>, she thought morosely. The cloud of self-recrimination had been descending regularly since her mother's letter. She knew she wouldn't be able to live with the guilt if she helped to pass the very legislation she was competing to quash. She just didn't know what she would do about it, yet.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>Much too soon, the morning of the second task was upon her. Because Riddle wanted the first three tasks completed before Yule, there was just two weeks between each of them. Once the final three champions were decided, the tasks would be spread more generously over the Spring term. For now, though, it felt as though she'd barely caught her breath from the first task when the last Sunday in November dawned clear and cold.</p>
<p>Rigel spooned porridge mechanically into her mouth as chatter and speculation flew in convoluted arcs over her head. She was attempting to keep an even emotional keel that morning. She didn't know exactly what the second task would entail, but she did know it was to take place on the Quidditch pitch. No forest meant it couldn't possibly be as bad as the first task.</p>
<p>"Cheer up, Rigel," Theo said bracingly. "At least you don't have to wait around all day this time. It'll be over by dinnertime."</p>
<p>He was right. The task was scheduled to begin after lunch, which left her with only five hours to fret. That was nothing, really.</p>
<p>The morning post was normally accompanied by a flurry of noise, as students exclaimed over packages from home, admonished owls for nipping bacon off their plates, and generally reveled in the distraction from daily life. That morning, however, the usual roar cut off almost abruptly, choked by shock and fear that was delivered to their tables on indifferent wings.</p>
<p>She lifted her head from her bowl as the Slytherins around her grew silent and still. Her eyes met Millicent's across the table, and the solidly built girl's face was drawn with coiled tension. She, Pansy, and Blaise all had copies of the <em>Daily Prophet</em>.</p>
<p>"What's happened?" she asked quietly.</p>
<p>Eyes dropped to the side and no one offered the paper immediately. Rigel's eyes widened and her breath caught. It wasn't her family. It couldn't be.</p>
<p>Seeing the alarm in Rigel's eyes, Pansy leant over and offered the paper with a murmured, "It's no one you know."</p>
<p>Only slightly relieved, she took the paper with stiff fingers and flipped it over to read the headline. She didn't even get that far. The snake-eating skull glared up at her in moving black-and-white. Beneath it, a building lay in ruins.</p>
<p><em>MUGGLEBORN OUTREACH CENTER LEVELED</em></p>
<p><em>In the dark hours of Sunday morning, the London Center for Muggleborn Outreach, a charitable organization run by the Dumbledore Foundation, was attacked. Believed to be the work of violent extremists, the collapse of the offices from which dozens of muggleborns are contacted every year occurred after repeated exposure to Fiendfyre irreparably damaged the foundations. </em></p>
<p><em>As of this printing, one woman has been found dead and several others injured in the rubble. The deceased, Arabella Doreen Figg, was a registered squib and long-time employee of the Dumbledore Foundation. She and three other magically challenged individuals lived above the outreach center and were caught in the attack as they slept. </em></p>
<p><em>Aurors have contained the scene and Obliviators were called upon to modify multiple memories of muggles who witnessed the magical fire in action. A Dark Arts expert, who wishes to remain nameless, explains that Fiendfyre would normally be expected to incinerate much more than the foundations of a single building when unleashed. "Either the attackers are very sophisticated users of the Dark Arts and have exceptional control, or these vigilantes aren't powerful enough to summon full-fledged Fiendfyre at all." </em></p>
<p><em>The Center for Muggleborn Outreach was founded to educate British muggleborns about the magical world, and to provide assistance in applying to alternative magical schools in the wake of the pivotal 1981 decision to limit Hogwarts acceptance to pureblood magical children only. When asked previously how the organization goes about contacting these children, most of whom would have no idea otherwise that they are in fact witches and wizards, Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has said that he allows his charity access to the school's ancient registry, which automatically tracks the births of all magical children within Great Britain's shores. </em></p>
<p>"<em>No matter what laws come to pass, Hogwarts still calls to them." </em></p>
<p><em>The perpetrators of this grievous act are still at large, and are believed to be associated with the same group of anti-muggle extremists who conducted a similar attack on Novus Industries in late October. </em></p>
<p><em>For more on the activities of the Dumbledore Foundation, page 3. For more on previous attacks by this extremist group, page 8. </em></p>
<p>Rigel pushed the paper back toward Pansy with a mute nod. She glanced toward the Head Table and saw that Dumbledore's seat was conspicuously empty. She wondered if he'd known Arabella Figg well.</p>
<p>She wasn't going to eat anything else, so she rose from the table and said, "I'll be in the common room."</p>
<p>On her way out of the Great Hall, she was waylaid by Professor Snape.</p>
<p>"A word, Rigel."</p>
<p>She followed him down the hall, out of the way of curious passersby. "Yes, Professor?"</p>
<p>"The tournament organizers will be inventorying the items carried on a champion's person before the second task," he informed her. "If you've anything you don't want examined, I suggest you leave it in your dorm."</p>
<p>"They didn't do that last time," she said, frowning.</p>
<p>"Last time you nearly burnt down the forest," Snape drawled. "Did you imagine they'd let you do that twice?"</p>
<p>She felt her lips twist in dark amusement. "I suppose not. Thanks for the warning, sir."</p>
<p>He inclined his head. "Naturally." The Potions Master swept off, leaving her to mentally list the things she needed to take out of her bag before heading down to the pitch.</p>
<p>It was moments like this she really appreciated being in Slytherin House. None of the other Heads of House would stop to think she might have something she didn't want to be discovered if her pockets were unexpectedly turned out.</p>
<p>In the end, she removed her Invisibility Cloak, the Marauder's Map, all the correspondence that was tucked into her potions kit, and a number of questionable brews that were still in the experimental stage. She also left behind the Mandrake leaves swimming damningly in their vials of spit. There really weren't any innocent explanations for trying to become an animagus without telling anyone.</p>
<p>She kept the Fire Free Sirius had given her, as well as Lily's Dark Defense Disk and the emergency beacon from her friends. She doubted they'd even notice the last one. The last thing she had to figure out was what to do with Treeslider; she didn't want him in the task with her.</p>
<p>When she brought the lethargic snake out of her pocket in the common room later that morning, Blaise volunteered to keep him for the day. She smiled in genuine gratitude as she transferred the snake to Blaise's waiting arms, with a whispered promise of mice if he behaved. Blaise was the least excitable of her friends, and she told herself that Treeslider would be fine with him until she could take him back.</p>
<p>Rigel had lunch in the kitchens, with only Draco and Pansy to keep her company as she attempted to center herself for the trial ahead. Draco outlined his plan for the next Dueling Club and Pansy described her latest suitor from the continent in devastating detail.</p>
<p>"Why do you let your parents set you up with such buffoons?" Draco asked, wrinkling his nose. "I told my mother not to even think about matchmaking until I left school."</p>
<p>Pansy allowed a rare, patronizing expression to cross her face. "And when she does, you'll have a dozen offers before you can say 'I'm a catch.' Some of us have to think ahead."</p>
<p>"You're a catch, too," he protested. Realizing how that sounded, he added, "I mean—you know what I mean."</p>
<p>"You're the son of two ancient houses, Drake, your father effectively runs the Ministry of Magic, and most important of all you are under no obligation to marry young."</p>
<p>"You shouldn't be either," Rigel said firmly. "Pansy, you have your whole life to marry."</p>
<p>"It's not the marriage," Pansy said quietly. "It's the children. You both ought to open your eyes. Pureblood women have a responsibility to the next generation, and births are becoming more and more difficult. Many believe starting younger and waiting longer between each child is the key to better odds at survival."</p>
<p>"What?" Rigel hadn't known that. "When did this idea come about?"</p>
<p>"It's relatively recent," Pansy admitted. "I've heard it whispered more than once of late that girls should be getting on with it sooner, rather than later. The point is that I have a pressure to procreate that you boys simply don't. It's not your fault, but it means I have to consider my future now."</p>
<p>"That's barbaric," Draco said flatly. "It isn't the Middle Ages."</p>
<p>"Is there any substantiating evidence for starting younger?" Rigel asked.</p>
<p>Pansy shrugged. "I don't think so. People are getting desperate, though. Isn't it strange that there are six dorm rooms in our hallway and only four are being used?"</p>
<p>"What are you saying? The population's declined that much?" Draco frowned, pushing away his kidney pie. "I reckon…there are a lot of families with only a single branch remaining."</p>
<p>"That's a long-term trend, though," Rigel pointed out. "Pureblood families by definition can't grow the way other populations do—the pool of potential partners just isn't that large. Eventually, families merge and old names die out."</p>
<p>"It was fine when families were having at least two children, but these days…I think we're reaching a critical point," Pansy said, her eyes tight. "No one wants to admit it, but I saw an article in <em>Arithmancy Today</em> in my father's study this summer. The calculations don't look good for the future of pureblood society. We need more children."</p>
<p>They needed to stop being pureblood, Rigel thought cynically. The problem might be a simple as expanding the gene pool.</p>
<p>They were interrupted by Binny coming to clear their dishes. The house-elf patted Rigel's arm with a tutting noise as she placed a comically large plate of strawberry tarts in front of Draco. "Young sir is being safe today, yes? This tournament is not being worth a wizard's life."</p>
<p>"Right you are, Binny," Pansy concurred.</p>
<p>"It's on the Quidditch pitch, presumably in full view of the whole school. I don't think it'll be so dangerous," Rigel reasoned.</p>
<p>"Nevertheless, you will be careful." Pansy's tone was absolute.</p>
<p>Rigel nodded with a small smile. She didn't need people worrying about her, but it was sort of nice when they did anyway.</p>
        </div>

        <div class="storyparagraph">
<p>With no more time to procrastinate, Rigel changed into her green tournament jersey and laced up her trusty boots. She didn't think she'd need Aldon and Edmund's cloak that afternoon. After checking to make sure her wand was in the holster where it belonged, she slipped on the gloves Blaise had given her and let Draco help her into the long fingerless gauntlets.</p>
<p>"Any idea what it's going to be?" Draco murmured as his fingers tightened the laces.</p>
<p>She shook her head. "Something to do with counter-spells. No point wondering now, though. We'll see in a few minutes."</p>
<p>His eyes met hers and the close proximity took her mind back to that night, when his eyes had burned so brightly in the firelight and her breath had been so loud in her ears.</p>
<p>She stepped back with a closed expression, muttering her thanks for his help. Her bag waited patiently by her bed, and she made a show of double-checking everything inside was as it should be.</p>
<p>"We really have to get you something better than that satchel," Pansy said from her perch on Draco's bed.</p>
<p>"It worked just fine in the first task," she said, shrugging unconcernedly.</p>
<p>Her friends exchanged a look that said they didn't agree, but didn't press the issue just then. On her way out from the common room, she once again picked up a crowd of students. Her fellow Slytherins escorted her out onto the lawn like some sort of very short honor guard, and only at the entrance to the Quidditch stadium itself did the majority of them break away and make for the stands.</p>
<p>She caught a glimpse of something odd set up on the other side of the stands, but Rigel didn't get a chance to look closer before her attention was pulled by Ludo Bagman and Bartemius Crouch, who appeared to be standing guard at the stadium entrance.</p>
<p>"Mr. Black, if you please," Crouch called, gesturing her closer. She peeled away from the stream of students headed into the stands and walked his way, closely flanked by Draco and Pansy. "The champions are not permitted to go inside just yet. If you'll make your way to that tent, you can wait with the others for the event to begin." He checked something off of the clipboard he held and waved her toward a large covered pavilion that was situated out of the way.</p>
<p>"Can my friends come?" she asked.</p>
<p>"Family only, I'm afraid." Bagman said apologetically. "Not enough room in the tent for all your friends, I daresay." He chuckled grandly, as though a much larger group of people was listening, before snapping his fingers. "Before you go, though, we've got to do a check of the items you want to bring in the stadium."</p>
<p>Rigel opened her bag for them, not volunteering information on either the necklace under her jersey or the earring hidden by her hair. Bagman picked out a few potions at random, but he seemed rather overwhelmed by the sheer amount of potions and ingredients inside her magically expanded bag.</p>
<p>"You could start an apothecary with all this," he exclaimed. "What do you imagine this task will entail, Mr. Black?"</p>
<p>"Rigel always carries that stuff," Draco said, openly amused at her expense.</p>
<p>"All of it?" Bagman shook his head in bewilderment. "Why?"</p>
<p>"He likes to be prepared." Pansy smiled serenely into Bagman's uncertain expression.</p>
<p>"Right. Well, there doesn't appear to be anything, ah, untoward," the big man said, handing her bag back. "You haven't got any more of those fireworks hidden away, eh?"</p>
<p>"Not today," she assured him.</p>
<p>"Right then." Crouch broke back in with an impatient wave toward the striped pavilion.</p>
<p>Rigel accepted careful hugs from Pansy and Draco and bid them farewell. She was halfway to the tent when something Bagman had said caught up to her brain. Her family would be in the tent. She dug a hand into her bag, hoping she had some left from the year before. With a relieved grin, she produced a small vial of concentrated Eau de Archie. Holding her breath against the smell, she tipped a bit of the oil onto her fingers and tapped it against her neck and wrists. The moon's pull on Remus would be weak in the middle of the cycle, but it never hurt to be cautious.</p>
<p>That settled, Rigel continued to the covered pavilion and swept through the entrance to find a large, comfortable space that someone had thoughtfully plied with warming charms. Most of the other champions were present, as were a host of other people she didn't recognize; she assumed they were the champions' respective families. Her family was, somewhat predictably, by the refreshment table.</p>
<p>Sirius spotted her as soon as she stepped inside. "Pup! Is there a reason you're always the last to arrive?" He handed a plate of fruit off to Lily and hugged Rigel hard; she thanked the double layer of constricting undershirts she wore for letting her sink into it.</p>
<p>"Draco and Pansy like to fuss," she murmured into his chest.</p>
<p>"How do you feel, Arch? Ready?" Remus took her by the shoulders when Sirius released her and smiled down at her. His nostrils flared and sympathy crept into his gaze. "Nervous?"</p>
<p>"A little," she said, glad he'd mentally supplied a reason for her stench. "I've been practicing hard all you showed me this summer, though, and learning new things with my friends, too. I'm sure whatever happens, I'll get through it."</p>
<p>"You're going to do great," James said confidently. His gaze assessed her briefly, and he appeared satisfied with her overall health. "This one won't be as bad as the forest."</p>
<p>"You aren't supposed to tell him anything," Lily said halfheartedly. She shoved Sirius' plate back at him and stepped forward to give Rigel a hug of her own. The familiar scent of her mother wafted over her, and it was all Rigel could do to keep her face relaxed against the pang that thrummed through her. "Sirius says you were splendid in the first task. We're so proud, Archie."</p>
<p>"Thanks, Aunt Lily," she said, her voice—or rather, Archie's spell-copied voice—was thick in her throat. "Where's Addy?" she added.</p>
<p>"We left her with Alice," James said. "Didn't think she ought to see this."</p>
<p>"She's extraordinarily attached to us lately, but a little time apart will do her good," Lily said. "Remus and I didn't want to miss another task. It's a shame Harry can't see you now. She'd be so impressed."</p>
<p>"And jealous." James grinned.</p>
<p>"Harry wouldn't want this kind of attention," Rigel disagreed. "With the press and everything, she'd go spare."</p>
<p>"True enough." James chuckled. "Did you hear what they've done with the mirrors for this task?"</p>
<p>Rigel frowned. "No. I assumed they wouldn't need them, since the task is taking place on the Quidditch pitch in front of everyone." No one had given her a headband, after all.</p>
<p>"You're half-right," Sirius said, wrinkling his nose in distaste. "They've distributed the mirrors to major magical commerce sites worldwide."</p>
<p>"What?" Rigel's eyes widened in dismay. "You're not serious."</p>
<p>All four of them nodded apologetically. "There's one up in Diagon Alley as we speak," Remus told her. "And guess who's having a fundraiser this afternoon in Diagon as well?"</p>
<p>"The Party," she growled. "Those opportunistic exhibitionists."</p>
<p>Sirius shrugged. "The Ministry needs the funds from ticket sales, so they won't say no to whatever advertisement strategy Riddle suggests."</p>
<p>It was crazy to think that witches and wizards all over the world were going to be watching the task as it happened. Trust Riddle to milk the tournament for all it was worth. She wondered how it would work. Would a single headband be rekeyed to all nine mirrors and kept somewhere with a good vantage point? She felt a moment of pity for Nicholas Flamel, and hoped the famous alchemist hadn't been pressed into personally reconfiguring the mirrors every two weeks.</p>
<p>"Rigel?" It was Hermione. Behind her stood a kind-looking couple with Hermione's eyes and chin.</p>
<p>"Hi Hermione. Dad, this is Hermione Granger; in case you don't remember, she's Harry's friend from AIM. My friend too now, I suppose." Rigel smiled at the girl and she returned it after a startled beat.</p>
<p>"Pleased to meet you, Miss Granger," Sirius said. "These must be your parents?"</p>
<p>"Yes, Mr. Black," she said. A moment later her ears turned pink and she blurted, "Lord, I mean. Sorry."</p>
<p>Sirius laughed. "You can call me Sirius, if you want. Leave the lord stuff to people who give a Hippogriff's hoof."</p>
<p>"Right, ah, my parents, Wendell and Monica Granger. You remember Harry's parents from the airport, of course." James and Lily smiled in friendly recognition and nodded at the couple. "And this is Rigel Black, Harry's cousin, and his father, Sirius. Um, and I think you must be Harry's Uncle Remus, right?" Hermione smiled tentatively at Remus, who looked surprised to have been recognized. "Harry talks about all of you so often, I feel I almost know you," she added.</p>
<p>"Pleased to meet all three of you. Harry keeps forgetting to bring you over to the house, Miss Granger," Remus said.</p>
<p>"I see Harry in the alleys anyway." Hermione shrugged.</p>
<p>"Diagon Alley?" James said, eyebrows rising.</p>
<p>"Where else does Harry spend all summer?" Rigel cut in quickly, forcing a laugh. Remus joined in, only a half a beat too late to be completely natural.</p>
<p>"Are you ready for the second task, Hermione?" Lily asked kindly.</p>
<p>Hermione grimaced. "Since we still don't know what it is, that's hard to say. I'm as ready as I can be, I suppose. How about you, Rigel?"</p>
<p>Rigel shrugged. "Like you said, it's impossible to know. I'm ready to get it over with, though."</p>
<p>A chime sounded through the tent, and Sirius sighed. "That's for us, champ. We've got to go."</p>
<p>"Already?" The word came out before Rigel could stop it. Seeing her family was like finding a well of certainty in a desert of indecision. It reminded her what she was here for.</p>
<p>"Next time, don't show up at the last minute," Sirius said, ruffling her hair with exasperated fondness.</p>
<p>"Next time, tell me you're coming ahead of time," she said, mildly indignant. It's not as though anyone ever told her these things were happening. Was there a bulletin board somewhere she hadn't been checking?</p>
<p>The adults all gave her words of good luck before slowly making their way toward the tent's entrance. She and Hermione watched them go, and the muggleborn girl said suddenly, "I almost didn't let them come. If they'd seen the last task, I'd be out of this tournament already."</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced sympathetically. "The Wizarding world is a lot on a normal day."</p>
<p>Hermione turned toward her, and her eyes were much harder than they'd been before her parents left. "Did you see the paper this morning?" The reminder sent a shard of ice through Rigel's veins. She nodded mutely. "It's the same agency that reached out to me when I turned eleven, you know. I remember Mrs. Figg. She gave me the pamphlet about AIM's Healing track when I told her my parents were dentists." Moisture gathered in her eyes but she dashed it away impatiently. "This whole tournament is an invitation for people like the ones who orchestrated that attack to do whatever they want to muggleborns, squibs, and muggles alike. We're not people in their eyes."</p>
<p>"That's why you're here, though. To show them they're wrong," Rigel reminded her gently.</p>
<p>Hermione pressed her lips together. Her eyes were flinty with bleak certainty. "People like that can't be persuaded. They've already decided to hate. I'm here for everyone else. If enough people see reason, the legs will give out from under this madness."</p>
<p>"I hope you're right," Rigel offered.</p>
<p>Bagman and Crouch stepped into the tent, calling for the champions to gather round. Rigel and Hermione drifted toward the center of the enclosed pavilion, where Crouch began arranging them according to his preference. Rigel was herded into a group with Shang and Krum, at which point she realized they were being sorted according to blood.</p>
<p>"This task will be undertaken individually," Bagman told them, smiling widely in cheerful anticipation. "Muggleborns will go first, then halfbloods, and finally the purebloods. You will wait here until it is your turn to try the challenge, and after you either finish or fail you will be escorted to a box from which you may watch the remainder of the task. You will not be permitted to leave the stadium until the scoring is complete."</p>
<p>"You may now decide amongst yourselves in what order you would prefer to compete," Crouch added. "Muggleborns?"</p>
<p>Hermione's face could have been set in stone, were it not for the fire that burned in her eyes. "I'll go first."</p>
<p>Tahiil shrugged and Owens inclined his head, saying, "I'll go second, then."</p>
<p>"Halfbloods?" Crouch looked expectantly at Sousa, Delacour, and Antiope. None of them looked well pleased at the manner in which he had referred to them.</p>
<p>Antiope stuck out her chin and said, "I will lead our group."</p>
<p>"'Zen me," Delacour said quickly. She looked at Sousa as though daring him to argue, but the Brazilian only smiled disinterestedly.</p>
<p>"And, our purebloods?" Crouch prompted.</p>
<p>Rigel opened her mouth to volunteer, but Krum cut her off. "You von the last task. You should go last."</p>
<p>She wasn't sure how that followed, but Shang's blank face didn't give her any clue as to whether she agreed or not.</p>
<p>"Excellent idea, Mr. Krum," Bagman said, clapping his hands together. "More dramatic that way, eh?"</p>
<p>Rigel was certain that hadn't been Krum's train of thought. The scowling boy grunted. "I vill go first, then."</p>
<p>Shang inclined her head. "I agree."</p>
<p>There didn't seem a point to arguing, even though Rigel would really prefer not to have to wait through eight other people's attempts before she got the task over with. Seeing no further deliberation, Crouch nodded his head and scribbled the order down on his clipboard. "Very well. Miss Granger, if you would?"</p>
<p>Hermione followed him out of the tent, her wand gripped tightly in her hand. A few minutes later they heard the roar of the crowd accompanying her entrance into the stadium. Rigel grimaced as she realized just how nerve-wracking it was going to be, waiting in this tent, listening to every ooh and aah the spectators produced and wondering what was happening.</p>
<p>She grabbed a glass of water from the buffet and claimed a seat nearby, slowly sipping at the water as she tried to block out the sounds of the stadium. Rigel worried about Hermione having to compete while in the midst of grief. She hoped the girl wouldn't do anything reckless.</p>
<p>"WELCOME TO THE SECOND TASK!"</p>
<p>Bagman's magically modified voice rang out in the distance and Rigel stifled a groan. They had to listen to the commentary, too? Riddle was unquestionably sadistic.</p>
<p>"OUR FIRST CHAMPION, HERMIONE GRANGER, NOW TAKES THE PLATFORM."</p>
<p>"Platform?" Antiope was listening hard.</p>
<p>After a few minutes of relative quiet, a collective gasp from the crowd washed over them. Bagman's voice followed it with, "WHAT A CLOSE CALL! GRANGER BARELY AVOIDS A NASTY FALL!" The commentary went on in this vein, with numerous exclamations and sometimes screams, punctuated by Bagman's vague and decidedly unhelpful additions.</p>
<p>"He must know we are listening," Tahiil mused, pacing the length of the tent with restless energy.</p>
<p>"I'd say the task involves some sort of elevation," Owens commented, his tone more curious than concerned.</p>
<p>Shang's face, however, went white. "I do not like heights," she said softly, dark eyes wide with fear.</p>
<p>"Maybe it's not—"</p>
<p>"GRANGER SAVES HERSELF FROM FALLING AGAIN! HOW MANY TIMES CAN SHE KEEP THIS UP?"</p>
<p>The Chinese girl put a hand to her stomach and swayed slightly on her feet. "I cannot do this," she whispered.</p>
<p>Antiope scoffed. "Why would you join a competition like this if you're afraid of something as simple as heights?"</p>
<p>"They tell my father it will not be a factor," Shang said, her breathing faster than normal.</p>
<p>"Who told him zat? Ze tournament organizers?" Delacour narrowed her eyes in suspicion. "Surely zey would not be so unfair, giving information to some alone."</p>
<p>Shang shrugged helplessly. "I said if there is heights, I will not compete."</p>
<p>"If they lied about it, then the information vasn't meant to help her," Krum said. He exchanged a look with Delacour that was hard for Rigel to interpret. They seemed to be in agreement over something.</p>
<p>"What are you saying? That someone doesn't want Shang here to win? I thought everyone wanted you purebloods to win," Antiope said sharply. Her hand clenched on empty air, and Rigel wondered if it was a habit she'd picked up from carrying a sword in that hand. Clearly Rigel was not the only one whose tools had been subject to censoring this task.</p>
<p>"What gave you that idea?" Rigel asked, genuinely curious to see whether the girl had worked it out.</p>
<p>Antiope shot her a scathing look. "It's obvious to us all. Britain's blood politics are notorious the world over, Black, and it's no secret which side Lord Riddle's Party falls on."</p>
<p>"I am confused," Tahiil said, raising his hand. When the rest of them stared at him, he smiled awkwardly and put his hand down again. "Mr. Riddle has said the tournament is an experiment. Even he does not know who will win."</p>
<p>Before anyone could answer, Professor Flitwick poked his head into the tent and called, "Mr. Owens? They are ready for you."</p>
<p>Owens left with him, and Rigel frowned as she realized she'd been blocking out the sounds of the stadium to focus on their conversation. She had no idea whether or not Hermione had succeeded in the task.</p>
<p>Sousa, who until that point had been content to lean quietly on one of the corner tent poles, was the one to answer Tahiil's question. "It is a trick, no? The seeming of objectivity is very convincing. For me, there is no surprise if Mr. Riddle chose every person in this room."</p>
<p>The seven of them looked around at one another, and Rigel wondered if the idea that they were not being given equal expectation of winning angered any of the others.</p>
<p>Antiope rolled her shoulders restively. "I don't care what Lord Riddle <em>thinks</em> he's doing. I'm going to win this tournament regardless. If he wanted one of <em>you</em> three to win—" she shot a fierce look in Rigel, Krum, and Shang "—then he made a mistake including me."</p>
<p>Tahiil's eyebrows rose, and a thoughtful look entered his eyes. He met her gaze and, after a moment, smiled at Rigel with a shrug. "We all must do our best no matter what."</p>
<p>Krum and Delacour both made noises of agreement, but Sousa merely sighed. Rigel noticed Shang was still on the verge of an anxiety attack, and pulled her shrunken bag from her pocket to look through it. She produced a Calming Draught, one of several she'd re-brewed after learning that her ingredients were oversaturated.</p>
<p>"Here," she said, pressing it into the girl's hands. "It's a Calming Draught." Shang's face showed no sign of recognition, and she supposed they had some other name for it in China. Perhaps they even used a different brew altogether for the same effect. "It will reduce your fear," she explained.</p>
<p>Shang frowned at the vial mistrustfully, taking it gingerly into her hands and attempting to examine it carefully. Her hands shook so badly, though, that she clenched her eyes shut in frustration and said, "Sorry. You can open please?"</p>
<p>Rigel uncorked the vial for her, and the black-haired girl tipped it back. After only a few moments, a look of peaceful relief smoothed the lines of tension from her face. "Thank you," Shang said, surprise in her voice. Rigel wondered if she'd honestly expected her to poison her. Then she wondered how bad Shang's fear must be, that the girl had accepted the risk anyway for a chance at relief.</p>
<p>Owens finished surprisingly quickly, with Bagman's shouted, "THAT TIME WILL BE TOUGH TO BEAT!" signaling the end of his run. Professor Sinistra collected Tahiil shortly after, and Rigel once again attempted to block out the sounds of the stadium.</p>
<p>Frustrated by every gasp and groan echoing out of the pitch, Rigel finally turned to Shang and said, "Will you wake me when you go?" Shang nodded, looking puzzled, and Rigel settled herself in a corner of the tent and sank into her mindscape, where the howling of her mind's wind greeted her. All other sound was washed away in its wake, and Rigel felt something approaching relaxation creep into her.</p>
<p>As she willed herself into the cozy cabin-like interior of her once icy mountain, Rigel caught Dom in the midst of weaving what appeared to be a tapestry out of pure magic. It was only just begun, too early to guess what the overall design would be. The construct looked over as she materialized and said, "If it isn't my gracious hostess. To what do I owe the pleasure?"</p>
<p>"I just needed to get away from reality for a moment," she said, sinking into an armchair with a sigh.</p>
<p>Dom made a noise of understanding deep in his throat. "Your emotions have been especially volatile of late. Is everything all right?"</p>
<p>At mention of her emotions, her mind went to the night Draco kissed her. She pressed her lips together against the remembered feeling and grimaced. "It's been a strange week. The second task is today, so try not to use too much magic," she added.</p>
<p>He paused in his weaving and gave her a sidelong glance. "You have more than enough."</p>
<p>"No telling what I'll be facing though," she said. "Maybe I'll see the dragon again—I'm sure it wasn't cheap moving one out here."</p>
<p>Dom stood from his task with a long-suffering look. After conjuring a pot of tea and flawlessly pouring Rigel a cup, he leaned back in his chair and said, "I've finished sifting this batch of magic. The foreign magic behaves the same as the last batch. I've stored it together." He indicated one of the closed cabinets with a careless flick of his fingers.</p>
<p>Rigel nodded in understanding. "Remind me after the task, and I'll get you another batch. Thanks for doing this, Dom. It takes a lot off my mind."</p>
<p>"You should still be concerned with its purpose," he said sternly. There was something about the smile he tried to hide behind his teacup that told her he was pleased with her gratitude, however.</p>
<p>"I'll worry about it later," she mumbled, sinking deeper into her seat. He nudged the second teacup toward her and she took it. Her eyes traced the surprisingly detailed pattern on the china. "Was Pettigrew really the first English wizard you possessed?"</p>
<p>"Possession is an inexact word for it," Dom said, fingering his own teacup idly. "Peter invited me into his mind, and in return I provided him power beyond anything he'd ever been capable of. To your question, however, yes. I was created in Egypt—at least, I was given conscious form there. I don't know where the stone I inhabited was originally found. I ruled through various pharaohs, until I was betrayed and entombed for upwards of two thousand years. Then Peter came for me." There was a faraway look on his face as he added, "I don't mourn his failure, but I am not ungrateful for his hand in my destiny."</p>
<p>"Anyone would be glad to be free, after such a long imprisonment." Rigel was surprised the jewel had retained any semblance of sanity. Looked at it like that, Dom's implacable rage and entitlement was almost understandable. She wondered whether it was even fair to judge the magical construct by human standards. After considering how much time he'd spent leeching knowledge from human minds and using that power to influence the world around him, however, she thought he probably ought to be held to <em>some</em> standards for a change.</p>
<p>Dom's eyelids fell to half-mast as he regarded her carefully. "I wasn't referring to my relocation from Egypt. I am indebted to Peter for bringing me to <em>you</em>, Harriet."</p>
<p>Rigel blinked. She couldn't help but feel somewhat incredulous. "I bound you to my mindscape, Dom. I took away any chance you had at ever ruling again."</p>
<p>"You gave me a form of my own," Dom said quietly, staring down into his teacup. "You gave me a name."</p>
<p>Those seemed like small things to her, in comparison with an eternity of power. If it gave him a sense of peace with his situation, though, she wasn't going to discourage his existential development. "I appreciate your presence here more than I thought I would," Rigel admitted after a moment of contemplation. Once she'd said it out loud, she couldn't quell the cynical thought that perhaps that had been Dom's intention, and the reason he'd been so cooperative of late. To voice that suspicion wouldn't do her any credit, but she wouldn't forget it, either.</p>
<p>A jolt that inexorably came from her physical body shuddered through her, and she put down the teacup and rose. "I have to get back," she told him. "I'll drop by again soon."</p>
<p>"Good luck in the task," Dom said, smiling up at her. "Try not to die."</p>
<p>"I always try not to die," she said with false cheer. If her returning smile was a tad brittle, he didn't comment. Rigel allowed her avatar to dematerialize as she followed the tug of the physical realm back toward its source.</p>
<p>Feiyan Shang was standing over her, a gentle hand on her shoulder. Professor Snape was beside her, his black gaze revealing nothing as he watched Rigel roll her stiff neck.</p>
<p>"Thanks," Rigel murmured. "Good luck, Shang."</p>
<p>The Chinese girl grimaced. "Thank you. For the Calming Draught as well."</p>
<p>Snape's eyes sharped with disapproval, but Rigel smiled unrepentantly. "Anytime." To Snape she asked, "Has everyone made it through so far?"</p>
<p>"No. Mr. Zahi was knocked from the course, and Antiope failed to counter the final challenge." Snape turned his attention to Shang, saying, "If you're ready?"</p>
<p>They left, and Rigel was alone in the tent. She began to stretch slowly, starting with her shoulders and by the time she'd made it to her ankles, Bagman's voice boomed out. "SHANG TAKES A SPILL! IT'S ALL OVER FOR OUR SECOND PUREBLOOD FOLKS!"</p>
<p>Rigel winced. That didn't sound good. Just what was this task, that thirty percent of the participants had already failed? It wasn't long before Professor McGonagall stepped into the tent and gestured for Rigel to accompany her. "It's time, Mr. Black," she said.</p>
<p>Rigel peered up at her as she left the tent behind. "Is it going to be bad?" she asked.</p>
<p>McGonagall's face softened and her lips relaxed from where she'd had them tightly pressed together. "It will be a challenge, Mr. Black, but it isn't like the forest."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded, letting her gratitude show through her eyes. "All right. Thank you."</p>
<p>They walked to the stadium entrance, and as Rigel passed beneath the bleachers she caught sight of the task for the first time. It looked like a very strange sort of obstacle course, and it hung suspended in the air, hundreds of feet above her head. There was a square platform on the ground near the entrance to the pitch, and Rigel judged it would lift her up to the course when she stepped onto it. The task itself seemed relatively straightforward, as there was another, much bigger, platform on the far end of the pitch that was, presumably, her goal. Between the two platforms, however, was a maze of narrow pathways, sometimes intersecting, sometimes continuing uninterrupted for long stretches. She could see no obvious obstacles along the network of paths, but she didn't fool herself that balance was the only thing being tested that afternoon.</p>
<p>Then she noticed something else. "There's no net," she breathed, horror lodging in her throat.</p>
<p>"There are spells in place to catch anyone who falls," McGonagall assured her. "Still…it is not a pleasant experience."</p>
<p>She swallowed somewhat shakily. She wasn't afraid of heights per se, but she had no desire to test the catching spells herself. The crowd roared around her when she came into view before the platform. Everyone was so high above her, and she supposed it made sense from a presentation standpoint to have the task elevated so spectators in the high Quidditch stands could better view the excitement. Rigel still suspected that Riddle had done it solely for the added element of fear.</p>
<p>"Good luck, Mr. Black," McGonagall said, placing a thin hand on her shoulder in a brief squeeze. "When you are ready, ascend the platform. The task is over when you reach the end, fall, or become too injured to continue."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded once and stepped forward with a confidence she didn't feel. Remembering her family's warning that her every move was being transmitted to mirrors worldwide, she kept her head high and her expression calm.</p>
<p>The starting platform was a slab of stone about the size of a typical doorframe, and no more than a half-foot thick. She stepped to the center of the rectangle and bent her knees in preparation for its movement. Rigel didn't anticipate the speed at which the stone would rise, however, and she found herself forced into a crouch as it ascended with a whoosh. Her stomach felt as though it had been left behind on the grass. When it came to a stop, she stood slowly, taking a deep breath as Bagman's voice rang in her ears. "OUR LAST COMPETITOR REACHES THE PLATFORM! LET'S SEE IF HE CAN BEAT OWENS' TIME!"</p>
<p>Rigel could see the course more clearly now, and she realized the 'paths' she'd seen from the ground were actually a series of floating tiles, none quite connected to the next. There was a small chance between every tile for Rigel to misstep and fall. There was only one way off the platform, so she took it, lightly jumping onto the first tile, then the next, steadily making her way toward the first fork in the course.</p>
<p>She had just landed on the sixth tile when it disappeared beneath her feet. Rigel plummeted, her heart stopping in that instant of free fall before her fingers caught the edge of the seventh tile and stuck. Her left arm was wrenched painfully as the no-slip spells on her gloves fought against her downward momentum and won. <em>Magic bless Blaise Zabini</em>, she thought, grimacing with the strain as she swung her right arm up to catch the tile as well.</p>
<p>Rigel tried to ignore the screams and shouts of the crowd as she slowly—painfully—pulled her body up enough to get her knee over the edge of the tile, too. With a last heave of effort, she collapsed on the seventh tile and panted, shaking her left arm out gingerly with a scowl. That was stupid of her. She had given into the temptation to move through the task quickly, and naturally it had cost her.</p>
<p>She took her feet again quickly, but this time pushed her magical awareness out in front of her, instead of letting it rest relatively near her skin as she'd become unconsciously accustomed. Rigel could project her magical sensitivity a good dozen feet without straining her endurance, and as soon as she focused on it she could feel the magic holding up the course, clinging to every tile. It felt more delicate than was reassuring. It took her a moment to filter the information she was receiving, but when she ignored the magic that was keeping the tiles afloat, she could sense the next trap.</p>
<p>Three tiles down there was a small ball of malignant magic lurking. She took the next two steps confidently and stopped, pulling out her wand to cast a revealing charm. It was just a trip jinx, attached to the underside of the tile, but even that simple thing could be dangerous on a course like this. Rather than spend the magic disarming it, she pushed her awareness out to check that the next tile was clear of spells and then leapt forward <em>over</em> the trap tile.</p>
<p>Gasps accompanied her jump, but Rigel easily cleared the distance. "WHAT A LEAP!" Now she had a choice to make. Two tiles led in different directions before her, and the innocuous, winding tiles gave no indication of which path would be better.</p>
<p>She took the right path, sending her magical awareness out ahead of her, and tried not to feel alarmed when a good number of spectators groaned at her decision. There was something new up ahead. When she got closer to it, she saw a tile that was bright red and she stopped, heeding the warning despite being two tiles away. The basic revealing charm told her nothing except the density of magic present. It certainly wasn't a trip jinx. Rigel took her bag out of her pocket and enlarged it before slinging it across her shoulders. She took an empty vial from one of the deep pockets and tossed it forward toward the blue tile.</p>
<p>The vial was met with a jet of flame that burst upwards out of the tile. The glass was resistant to heat, so it only blackened a little and fell off the edge of the course. Rigel would probably be able to walk through it if she applied a coat of Fire Free. No sense in wasting it, though. Instead, she cast a Fortis shield around herself like a bubble. It would hold against even dragon flame for a few seconds. The fire coming out of the tile was nowhere near that strong, and Rigel didn't feel a thing as she once again leapt over the problematic tile.</p>
<p>Really, the second task wasn't so bad, she thought as she moved forward once more. With her sensing ability, she was ready for the next three traps she encountered, even though only about half of the tiles were color in warning. She supposed they wanted to give the competitors <em>some</em> chance of succeeding, especially against the more dangerous obstacles. Rigel countered one more fire-related trap, a spell that would have bucked her off its tile if she'd stepped on it, and a runic array that tried to blow her off the course with a sharp gust of wind. Then she came to a tile that was acid green. Her trick with an empty potion vial produced no reaction, and she lamented the waste of a good vial as it tumbled sadly to the ground.</p>
<p>The revealing charm did provoke a response, however. From the center of the tile sprouted a flower, unnaturally tall and slender, with a single, bright pink bloom. It looked a bit like an Anemone, but the center was wrong. A sickly green cluster of <em>something</em> was nestled in the center petals, and she could feel magic trapped there, too. Rigel was torn. She could cut it with a severing charm, but what if that triggered the magic? She tried to vanish the plant; her magic bounced off the petals. Incredulous, she figured she'd have to burn it, and hopefully destabilize whatever the magic was grounded to.</p>
<p>She cast <em>Incendio</em> on a spare bit of crumpled parchment from her bag and tossed the small fireball gently toward the black tile. It came to rest at the plant's base, and after a moment caught the flower's stem, spreading quickly toward the head. The fat, pink petals took an eerily long time to burn, though, and Rigel kept her wand at the ready, unnerved. Her suspicions were rewarded when the flower suddenly convulsed and the center <em>exploded</em> outward. Acid greed spores rained down on her, and she jumped back a tile while casting a hasty Bubble Head Charm. It wasn't fast enough. She felt a burn at the back of her throat and immediately turned her wand on her airways.</p>
<p>From her fight with Ralph in the Lower Alleys, she knew what to expect from this kind of attack. It wasn't exactly the same as sleeping gas, but the process of identifying the foreign substance in her lungs and metabolizing it before it could be carried any further was similar.</p>
<p>The poisonous spores were potent. Even though she'd only breathed in a small portion of what was spewed from the still-burning flower, her vision was already narrowing at the edges. She fought back against the temptation to close her eyes and kept at her self-healing. After a brief, confused moment, her magic had flushed as much of the invasive substance as was possible. Rigel shook off the lingering drowsiness and moved forward again. The flower was just a pile of ashes, now, and the tile had turned back to an innocuous tan color.</p>
<p>She stepped past it, and the crowd erupted into cheers. "BLACK SHAKES OFF THE SLEEP SPORES! CAN NOTHING STOP THIS CHAMPION?" Rigel was about a third of the way along the right-hand path now, and ahead of her was another fork. Left would take her back toward the center of the course, which meant a relatively straight shot toward the finish line. There seemed to be more colored tiles on that path, though. After a moment's indecision, she went right.</p>
<p>Almost immediately, her magical sensitivity flared with warning and Rigel dropped into a crouch so fast her knees popped. An arrow of fire whizzed over her head, and another followed it as she half-crawled, half- jumped to the next tile to avoid it. They were coming from the red tile on the middle path, and she scowled at the unfairness of being waylaid by something not even on the path she'd chosen. Rigel cast a Fortis shield as she stood, but a moment later she was flat against the tile again as a third arrow shot through her shield. The only thing that saved her was its deceleration as the arrow met resistance. Muttering a curse at whoever designed the obstacle course, Rigel channeled her frustration and consciously summoned a Depasco Shield instead. She waited until a fourth arrow fizzled into nothingness as it met the shield before standing. Somehow, it seemed nothing she did would be effective twice. She wondered whether the course was evolving as she went, but doubted even Riddle was <em>that</em> good.</p>
<p>The red shield hung hazily around her as she very carefully moved forward. She had to hold it several inches off the ground or risk dissolving the tiles beneath her feet. When she was clear of the arrow tile's range, she dropped the Depasco immediately; it was too draining to justify keeping up, even though she doubted anything the course threw at her could penetrate it.</p>
<p>Two tiles after she'd dropped the shield, a non-colored tile let out a hiss beneath her feet and white mist sprang up all around her, choking her senses before she could so much as hold her breath. She froze as her vision went completely dark. <em>Why didn't I sense anything?</em> she thought, trying and failing to keep her breathing light in response to the utter blackness surrounding her. It must not have been a spell, she reasoned. If it was a potion with a mechanical trigger, the traces of magic in the brew itself were probably too weak to notice amidst the tile's levitation magic.</p>
<p>Rigel couldn't detect any poison in her system—and yet, she'd definitely inhaled the mist. Her vision certainly hadn't deserted her of its own accord. She realized with a sickening stomach turn that her hearing was gone, too. The world around her was silent. At the same time, though, she could feel the stone beneath her feet. She hadn't been transported, then.</p>
<p>She racked her brain for potions that could take away sight and sound but leave her able to feel the breeze on her skin and smell the sweat on her clothes. There were two that she knew of. Monistra's Malediction could cut off any of the five senses depending on how it was brewed. She supposed someone clever enough could combine two of the five into one mist, or perhaps the mist was a combination of two potions released simultaneously. The other one was Prisoner's Poison. It was once a popular potion in law enforcement, before the runic sequence to bind a person's magic to their skin was discovered. Prisoner's Poison deprived sight and hearing both, in addition to cutting off the conscious use of a person's magic. It didn't prevent accidental magic, which was part of why it fell out of favor.</p>
<p>Rigel very carefully cast a warming charm and felt the corresponding rush of heat. Monistra's Malediction, then. She sagged with relief. Rigel had hoped even Riddle wouldn't be sadistic enough to bind someone's magic mid-task, but she was constantly relearning not to underestimate him.</p>
<p>The cure for Monistra's Malediction was tree sap, specifically from a grove of wand wood trees. Rigel had both Black Walnut and Sycamore in her kit. Slowly, aware that she could easily lose her balance on the path without sight to orient her, Rigel felt for her bag's opening and groped her way along the extended inside until she came to the compartment she wanted. There were two vials inside, as expected, and she brought first one to her nose, then the next. She drank the Black Walnut, even though the Sycamore was sweeter, because Black Walnut was only seven Knuts an ounce.</p>
<p>Her vision cleared just as her hearing came rushing back. She winced as the silence was blasted into a hundred, screaming pieces and Bagman's voice roared in her ears. "LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE CAME PREPARED! BLACK BECOMES THE FIRST CHAMPION TO OVERCOME THE ANTI-SENSORY MIST!"</p>
<p>Rigel summoned her magical awareness around herself like a cloak and moved forward once more. A brown tile was the next in her path, and without needing to be provoked a wall at least twice her height sprang into place before her, blocking the rest of the path entirely. She could double back and try a different path, but she was almost to the end. Running a hand along the surface of the wall confirmed her suspicion that it was too smooth to climb. The wall was coated with some kind of wax, and almost slippery to the touch. She considered it. The wax was thick enough to draw in.</p>
<p>With a smile, Rigel used her wand to draw a simple, linear alchemical array. She bound the array in a wide circle at waist height and wiped her wand tip clean. As she pulsed magic into the runes to activate it, the stone within the circle cracked and crumbled until it was nothing but a pile of fine sand. She pushed her way through easily and continued.</p>
<p>The roar of the crowd was picking up once more as she neared the last colored tile. Before she could get there, her sensitivity shivered as it brushed up against something powerful in a nondescript tile just in front of the obviously colored one. She tossed a vial at it, with no reaction. A revealing spell came up blank as well, but she knew something was there. Maybe it needed a little more provoking. Instead of wasting magic on a blasting curse, Rigel dug out a handful of dried chimera eyes from deep in her bag. It took only a moment to imbue enough magic into the volatile ingredient. The eyes grew hot in her hand and she flung them forward at the suspicious tile. They exploded on contact, and something huge and metal <em>reared</em> up out of the tile.</p>
<p>It was a contraption like a steel shark, and it closed with a sickening snap over the air where Rigel's foot might have been, had she stepped on the tile unwittingly. She couldn't help but be glad that no one else had made it so far down that particular path. Someone could easily have lost a leg in the monstrosity. Now that she could see it, Rigel banished the trap over the edge of the path and watched it fall to the earth with relieved satisfaction.</p>
<p>Only one obstacle left, she thought, crossing the remaining tiles and coming to a stop before the last, which was a brilliant violet color. She didn't need to trigger this one at all. A magical barrier shimmered into being between the purple tile and the final platform. Then, a white stone basin rose from within the tile, climbing slowly upward until it was as high as Rigel's chest. There were runes inscribed all along the edge of the basin, and Rigel narrowed her eyes as she deciphered the sequence.</p>
<p>It wasn't conveying a terribly complex message, so it only took her a minute to work it out. The barrier would dissolve only when she added the key to the basin. The key was…blood. Rigel could feel a cold sweat breaking out over her temple. There was no way she could risk spilling her blood into the basin. What if it somehow tested for blood purity? She shook her head impatiently at the thought. It couldn't, if all the other champions were to have a fair chance at passing the barrier. Still, who knew what would happen to the blood she put into the bowl? What if the organizers saved it for some reason? What if it was analyzed later? The runes specified human blood, not animal, but there was one thing in her potions kit that could help her. She had a vial of Archie's blood. Rigel swallowed hard. She couldn't. Could she? No, she definitely couldn't. Archie had given her that blood willingly, and willingly spilt blood was too dangerous to leave lying around, no matter the circumstances.</p>
<p>But what to do? She could turn back, make her way to the last fork in the road and then fight her way forward again through all the obstacles in the center. Even as she considered the course of action seriously, she felt a wave of heat without a source stirring inside of her extremities. The Vow would not allow her to turn back.</p>
<p>"Shite." She needed to think. There had to be another way. Maybe she could overpower the runic barrier: bypass the instructions and somehow dismantle it without triggering any negative effects. Her eyes strayed over to the center tiles, and she wished desperately that she'd taken that path instead.</p>
<p>A crazy thought came to her, and Rigel seized it with both hands before the Vow could assess her intentions and tell her otherwise. She tossed an empty vial over toward the center path, a distance of some thirty feet, and it scraped against the edge of a tile before tumbling down. Her eyes didn't follow it, however. She'd learned what she needed to: there was no physical barrier between the paths. Rigel produced a Modified Weightless Draught from her bag and downed it with a wicked grin.</p>
<p>"WHAT IS BLACK DOING NOW? HE SEEMS TO HAVE GIVEN UP ON THE FINAL OBSTACLE COMPLETELY!"</p>
<p>She ignored Bagman's incredulity—ignored also the voice in her head telling her this was probably not a good idea—and jumped.</p>
<p>The stadium erupted with screams, but Rigel was not falling: she was floating. The Modified Weightless Draught left her lighter than air, and she drifted in a smooth arch toward the center path. It neared, she tried to slow, but her control was less than perfect. She overshot the path and started to descend between the center path and the left-most path. With a grimace, Rigel pointed her wand at the place she'd meant to land and said, "Accio!" The stone tile was anchored to the air with magic, but Rigel was not anchored to anything. There was a reason you weren't supposed to try summoning objects that weighed more than you did. In a vacuum, the lighter object was the one to move. Unless a witch or wizard was grounded with magic, whether consciously or unconsciously, a summoning spell could backfire.</p>
<p>Rigel was counting on her spell doing just that. There was a violent tug at her navel and then she was zooming toward the tile. She connected hard and held on with both hands to still her momentum. With the Weightless Draught still active within her, Rigel had to rely on her non-slip gloves to keep her from floating off the path with every movement. She scrambled forward on her fingertips and toes in an awkward crab shuffle, and was very grateful that there were only four tiles between where she landed and the end of the center path.</p>
<p>She was so focused on not drifting off into space that she misread what her magical sensitivity was telling her. The final obstacle came not from the blue tile at the end of the path, but from the plain tile just before it. A ward sprang up around Rigel's crouched form, trapping her in a dome of pure magic. Her muscles clenched in surprise that turned to terror as the ward began to shrink steadily inward. Something inside her <em>screamed</em> in vicious protest. Memories of that rotting pit, days of torture and hunger and pain, rose up in her mind like a tidal wave, and the only coherent thought Rigel could produce was <em>never again!</em></p>
<p>She felt a spasm of pain in her head and had the vague impression that Dom was attempting to communicate something, but to no avail. Her magic flooded the bubble around her, pouring from her so fast and in so many directions that Rigel closed her eyes against the intensity of the resulting light. Pressure built, forcing Rigel down onto the hard tile, and when she could press herself no closer to the stone, when the space beneath the ward was so thick with her magic that something—and Rigel was very much afraid it would be her bones—had to give, her magic suddenly found direction. It <em>sharpened</em>, for lack of a better word, against the ward, and the blue barrier burst like an overripe fruit. Magic exploded in all directions, Rigel gasped for air, and the stadium of spectators swelled with a deafening roar.</p>
<p>Rigel felt more than saw the spells holding up the path crumple in the wake of her magic. The tile she was on slid sideways and Rigel pushed herself off in a desperate lurch. She shot toward the final platform with more speed than grace, but her hands found purchase before she could bounce off it, and she rode the rapidly destabilizing stone to the ground. She impacted more heavily than was likely intended as the magic animating the platform gave a final death rattle. The jarring change in momentum tried to bounce her weightless form back into the air, but she rolled sideways instead, grasping at the long grass to keep her anchored to the ground. Hard earth and brittle clumps of weeds had never smelled so good.</p>
<p>Dimly, she was aware of Bagman's voice ringing through the stadium, of hundreds of people high above her, shouting and cheering her name. She was even aware of the sickening booms that came as tile after tile tumbled to the ground around her. How long until one crashed into her head and finished the job the course had started?</p>
<p>A shield sprang into being above her and she twisted her head around to see Snape striding toward her in a walk so fast it was nearly—<em>almost</em>—a run. Her Head of House dropped the shield just long enough to grasp Rigel firmly by the wrist, and then he was towing her through the air toward the edge of the stadium, where a set of stairs awaited them.</p>
<p>When they were out of immediate danger of being brained to death by falling stones, Snape let the shield fall completely and put his wand away in favor of holding Rigel down with both hands. "How long does this last?" he demanded, his mouth in an unamused line.</p>
<p>"I have a counter potion," she said.</p>
<p>"Then why haven't you taken it?"</p>
<p>Rigel scowled up at him. "I've been using both hands to not float away. Normally I can control the movement a little better, but—"</p>
<p>"Allow me a guess: you over-brewed this one, too." Snape's expression could have withered the Whomping Willow.</p>
<p>She flushed. "I—well, I got all new ingredients, but I may have neglected to replace all the <em>potions</em> I made since starting to practice my magical awareness."</p>
<p>"The counter potion," Snape reminded her sharply. "There's an entire stadium waiting on you."</p>
<p>Rigel huffed, but obediently dug into her bag for the imbued Finite potion, Snape tethering her to the earth until its effects kicked in. She felt gravity catch up with her in an unpleasant rush and caught herself against Snape's shoulders to steady her balance until she was certain she wouldn't fall onto her face. "Thanks," she said, almost sighing with relief. "I can't believe it's over."</p>
<p>"What strains credibility is that you made it through the entire course almost unscathed," Snape said. She couldn't tell for sure, but she thought he almost sounded proud.</p>
<p>"It was my sensing ability that saved me," she said, drawing herself up to full height so she could look him sincerely in the eye. "I'm sorry I ever complained about having to learn it. Thank you, Professor. For everything."</p>
<p>Snape's face softened infinitesimally. "Foolish boy. Keeping you alive would be easier if you <em>cooperated</em> now and again."</p>
<p>"I will from now on," she promised. Rigel thought she even meant it. "How are the others?" she added. "Is everyone all right?"</p>
<p>"See for yourself," Snape said. He swept up the stairs and Rigel followed quickly, despite how bone-tired she was.</p>
<p>At the top of the stairs was a special box, obviously set aside for the competitors. Seven of the others were present. She took a quick accounting and asked Snape, "What happened to Antiope?"</p>
<p>"She was unable to escape the shrinking ward. It crushed several of her bones before she fell unconscious and forfeited by default. Madam Pomfrey is seeing to her. The girl will be fine," he added after a moment, clearly reading in Rigel's pale expression the horrified concern she felt.</p>
<p>Snape told her to wait there while the scoring was deliberated and left. Rigel stepped forward toward the front of the box, where the other seven competitors stood at the balcony's edge. Hermione smiled grimly at her as she approached.</p>
<p>"You did really well," Hermione said bracingly. "Faster than most."</p>
<p>"Was it?" She couldn't hide her surprise. "It felt like I was up there for ages."</p>
<p>"I felt the same," Hermione said. "I think we all did. All that adrenaline. And every second you spend thinking about what to do just feels like a lifetime, doesn't it?" Rigel nodded. She looked Hermione over subtly, but the muggleborn girl caught on and smiled wryly. "I'm fine, Rigel. I had a few rope burns from an unexpected <em>Incarcerous</em> and boils down my left side from a jet of bubotuber pus, but nothing I couldn't heal myself. Are you all right?"</p>
<p>Rigel shrugged. "No real injuries, except for the poisonous flower."</p>
<p>Hermione nodded sagely. "Those sleeping spores are fast acting. I'm impressed you counteracted them so quickly. Feiyan and Tahiil took the same route, you know, but the spores got them both. Tahiil fell off the course in his sleep, but Feiyan landed on the tile. The spores wore off after ten minutes or so, but I think they made her dizzy; she lost her balance when that anti-sensory mist hit her."</p>
<p>Rigel nodded slowly. "The mist takes away sight and sound but leaves the other senses. It's enough to give anyone vertigo, and coupled with the after effects of the spores and her fear of heights…" Rigel glanced over to where Shang stood, pale, but not visibly injured, on the other side of the box. Tahiil was with her, and they seemed united in an unspoken misery.</p>
<p>"Exactly." Hermione looked down onto the pitch, where the remains of the obstacle course were scattered in pieces all over the ground. She smiled suddenly, and it was a terrifying, fierce thing. "I'm glad you destroyed it."</p>
<p>"So am I," Krum grunted. He had sidled up to Rigel's other side while they were talking. Krum had burn paste slathered up and down his right arm. Judging by the pattern, she guessed he'd tried to protect himself from an unexpected jet of flame with it. "That task vas more luck than skill."</p>
<p>"'Zome people had less trouble, it eez true," Delacour added. Clearly the box was not big enough to prevent her from hearing their conversation. The French girl's eyes lingered briefly on Rigel but turned sharply to land on Jacob Owens, of all people.</p>
<p>The American boy raised his eyebrows and smiled. "Me? I was pretty lucky, I suppose. Maybe they went easy on me for going first."</p>
<p>"Could be," Delacour allowed, but Rigel could tell that she was not convinced. She wondered why the girl was even suspicious of Owens—none of them had seen his run, since he'd gone first. Was it just because he'd got a better time?</p>
<p>Come to think of it, she had no idea what her own time had come out to be. Sheepishly, she asked Hermione, "Did you happen to catch my time, by chance?"</p>
<p>Hermione blinked at her in surprise, but it was Delacour who said, "You weren't even paying attention?"</p>
<p>Rigel frowned. "I had rather other things on my mind, at the end there. What with the entire obstacle course coming down around my ears."</p>
<p>"How did you do that, anyway?" Owens asked, eyes bright with curiosity. "Even Antiope couldn't break out of that ward, and brute strength is sort of her specialty." He smiled in that strange way of his, and Rigel had to wonder again why she never found his humor amusing.</p>
<p>"I just panicked," she said flatly. "My magic was completely uncontrolled, I'm afraid."</p>
<p>"Hence the chain reaction," Owens said thoughtfully. "Interesting."</p>
<p>"This is vhy you go last," Krum said. The smallest of smiles ticked up the corner of his mouth.</p>
<p>Rigel scowled. "There was no way to predict that would happen."</p>
<p>"After the dragon, ve knew <em>something</em> vould happen," Krum argued. Hermione snorted with laughter then turned pink as Krum's amused eyes turned on her as well.</p>
<p>"They've finished scoring," Sousa said suddenly, drawing everyone's attention to the pitch once more. Rigel let her eyes linger on the Brazilian for a brief moment, but he, too, seemed to be in reasonably good health, though there was something utterly drained about his expression that she sympathized with. It was how she felt internally, after so much magical expenditure in so short a time.</p>
<p>Across the pitch, directly on the opposite side of the stands, there was a golden box that jutted out from the rest. She could make out the vague features of those inside—not enough to identify them all, but enough to know that Riddle, Crouch, and Bagman all stood within. Dumbledore, too, she thought, though the old wizard was keeping to the back of the box.</p>
<p>As though in confirmation, Bagman's voice boomed out over the pitch once more. "LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! THE JUDGES HAVE DELIBERATED AND THE SCORING IS CONCLUDED!"</p>
<p>Rigel's attention was interrupted by a hand on her back. She whirled around and found Pansy and Draco standing behind her. She grinned at them and fell into Pansy's brief embrace. After an almost immeasurably short moment of awkwardness, Draco clapped her on the shoulder and said, "Great job, Rigel."</p>
<p>"You were <em>splendid</em>," Pansy added.</p>
<p>Hermione turned around with a look that was as good as a pointed hushing noise. The three Slytherins fell silent to listen and Rigel turned back toward the announcer, but neither Pansy nor Draco retreated from their close proximity to her shoulder blades.</p>
<p>"…JUDGED ON THREE CATEGORIES FOR THE SECOND TASK! TIMELINESS IN COMPLETING THE COURSE, PROBLEM-SOLVING, AND DEGREE OF RESILIENCE! AS WITH THE FIRST TASK, PROBLEM SOLVING IS DETERMINED BY THE COMPETITOR'S ABILITY TO MATCH APPROPRIATE RESPONSES TO THE CHALLENGES ENCOUNTERED. IMPRECISE APPLICATION OF MAGIC IS NOT THE GOAL! THE FINAL CATEGORY, THAT OF RESILIENCE, IS MEASURED BY THE STATE OF HEALTH IN WHICH A COMPETITOR COMPLETED THIS TASK. CHAMPIONS WITH FEWER INJURIES WILL SCORE HIGHER, AS IT DEMONSTRATES SUPERIOR REACTIONS, EFFICIENCY OF CASTING, AND QUICK THINKING! BEFORE WE SCORE THEM, LET'S GIVE ALL THE CHAMPIONS ANOTHER ROUND OF APPLAUSE!"</p>
<p>Rigel rubbed her ears as the stadium erupted around them. She wouldn't be surprised if every person present went home harder of hearing from listening to the obnoxiously overpowered Sonorous Charm.</p>
<p>"FOR TIME, OUT OF TWENTY POINTS, SCORES ARE AS FOLLOWS: JACOB OWENS, 20 POINTS. ARCTURUS BLACK, 19 POINTS. HERMIONE GRANGER, 18 POINTS. FLEUR DELACOUR, 17 POINTS. VICTOR KRUM, 16 POINTS. MATHEUS SOUSA, 15 POINTS. ANTIOPE, TAHIIL DIRIC ZAHI, AND FEIYAN SHANG ALL RECEIVE ZERO POINTS!"</p>
<p>The crowd roared its approval or displeasure—it was impossible to tell which—and Rigel felt a hand on her shoulder again as Draco's voice dipped into her ear. "Second place. You would have been first, but Owens didn't even trigger some of the obstacles in his path."</p>
<p>Rigel tried to listen, but the feeling of his breath against her ear distracted her completely. Her attention was yanked back to the stadium as Bagman's voice started up again.</p>
<p>"IN PROBLEM SOLVING, OUT OF FIFTEEN POINTS, WE HAVE: JACOB OWENS, 15. MATHEUS SOUSA, 14. HERMIONE GRANGER, 13. FLEUR DELACOUR, 12. VICTOR KRUM, 11. ANTIOPE, 8. FEIYAN SHANG, 6. TAHIIL DIRIC ZAHI, 6." There was a pause in which Rigel wondered if Bagman had forgotten to call her name. Then he went on. "AFTER SOME DELIBERATION, IT WAS DETERMINED THAT ARCTURUS BLACK'S DESTRUCTION OF THE OBSTACLE COURSE WAS NOT A CONSCIOUS ACT OF WILL. NEVERTHELESS, AS AN OVERREACTION, IT WAS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN HIS SCORE. RIGEL BLACK THUS RECIEVES A PROBLEM SOLVING SCORE OF 10 POINTS!"</p>
<p>"<em>Ten?"</em> Draco's voice was incredulous. "Five points off for one bit of overzealous magic? And anyway, that ward could have killed you. How is anything an overreaction to threat of death?"</p>
<p>"Are you finished?" Rigel turned to smile ruefully at her friend. Honestly, she wasn't surprised they'd docked points for what her magic did to the course. Probably it had taken someone a very long time to assemble it. She couldn't dredge up any regret.</p>
<p>Draco grumbled something under his breath, but did fall silent when Bagman got around to the final category.</p>
<p>"AND OUT OF FIFTEEN FOR RESILIENCY: MATHEUS SOUSA, 15 POINTS! JACOB OWENS, 15 POINTS! ARCTURUS BLACK, 14! FLEUR DELACOUR, 13! HERMIONE GRANGER, 12! VICTOR KRUM, 10! TAHIIL DIRIC ZAHI, 6! FEIYAN SHANG, 6! AND ANTIOPE, 3 POINTS!" Bagman waited patiently for the cheers to die out before concluding, "IN FIRST PLACE THEN, WITH A TOTAL COMBINED SCORE FOR BOTH TASKS, JACOB OWENS WITH 91 POINTS! SECOND PLACE WITH 87 IS ARCTURUS BLACK! THIRD PLACE, HERMIONE GRANGER WITH 84 POINTS! VICTOR KRUM IN FOURH WITH 76 POINTS! FLEUR DELACOUR, FIFTH WITH 72 POINTS! SIXTH, FEIYAN SHANG WITH 48! ANTIOPE IN SEVENTH WITH 47! TAHIIL DIRIC ZAHI IS IN EIGHTH PLACE WITH 46 POINTS! AND BRINGING UP NINTH PLACE IS MATHEUS SOUSA WITH 44 POINTS! WELL DONE TO ALL THE CHAMPIONS, AND GOOD LUCK IN THE NEXT TASK!"</p>
<p>Finally, mercifully, Bagman's voice cut out and left their throbbing eardrums in peace. Rigel turned back to her friends and smiled somewhat ironically. "There now, that's not so bad. Congratulations, Owens," she added, raising her voice so the muggleborn could hear.</p>
<p>He shrugged in a way that would have been self-deprecating, had his chin not been held so high. "Like I said, it was mostly luck."</p>
<p>"Still, congratulations," Hermione said, smiling brightly. It was evident how pleased she was for two muggleborns to be represented in the top three champions. "You too, Tahiil," she called to the still disappointed-looking Somali boy.</p>
<p>Tahiil shook his head grimly. "I was not fast enough to counter the flower. Just as I was not fast enough at overcoming the puzzles in the forest. Truly, I see the advantage of a formal education."</p>
<p>Hermione had a dismayed look on her face, but she said, bracingly. "Just think, though—after this tournament you'll be somewhat famous, Tahiil. I'm sure many schools would be happy to sponsor you if you wanted to attend."</p>
<p>The boy's open face melted into a cheerful smile. "You are right. Perhaps I can also bring my brother. I must not forget that to compete at all is a bright opportunity!" Rigel had to smile at his newfound enthusiasm. Shang didn't look nearly so ready to bounce back from her disappointment. Tahiil noticed too, for he said, "Will your sponsors be very upset, Feiyan?"</p>
<p>A flush of shame crossed her pale cheeks. "I think yes. I make a bad attempt."</p>
<p>Even Fleur, normally rather callous, winced at Shang's downtrodden face. "It eez not your fault you are scared of heights."</p>
<p>Shang nodded, but it was obvious she wasn't convinced. Sousa huffed a laugh on his way out of the box. "Cheer up, Feiyan. You're still three places ahead of me." Sousa caught Rigel's eye as he passed her and winked.</p>
<p>She felt Draco stiffen at her shoulder. A moment later he said, "We should get going, Rigel. My parents will want to congratulate you." Rigel nodded agreeably and bade the rest of the champions farewell, giving an extra smile to Hermione, who grinned back, still visibly pleased with her performance.</p>
<p>Her friends were quiet as they made their way down the stairs from the competitors' box, but as they made it to the pitch Pansy said, "Very well done, Rigel. Second place looks good strategically at this point in the tournament."</p>
<p>"Second place to a muggleborn?" Rigel clarified, her eyebrows raised. She didn't quite understand Pansy's reasoning.</p>
<p>"The points are close, and you're still firmly in the lead of the pureblood category. Having other categories represented in the top three makes the whole tournament appear more legitimate," Pansy said quietly, checking first to make sure no one was near enough to hear.</p>
<p>"It helps that you're only in second because they docked you five points for destroying the course," Draco added sardonically. "Now the tournament seems fair, and you'll still have people who secretly believe you deserve to be in first. It's a win-win."</p>
<p>Rigel sighed. "Of course it is, with Riddle determining the scores."</p>
<p>Pansy frowned at her. "Lord Riddle doesn't get a say in the scoring," she said slowly. Realization dawned and her scowl deepened. "You didn't read <em>any</em> of the supplemental reading Millie and I gave you, did you?"</p>
<p>"Ah. Not exactly," she admitted, wincing.</p>
<p>It was Pansy's turn to sigh. "There are five official judges. Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch, of course. Then there's Griselda Marchbanks, head of the Wizarding Examination Services." Rigel looked sharply at Pansy, wondering if she'd misheard. Misinterpreting her surprise, Pansy added, "Who better qualified to judge relative adolescent magical ability?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded. "Makes sense." It seemed like a conflict of interest, though, considering the life debt the elderly witch had once pledged her. "Who else?" she asked, more out of obligation to satisfy Pansy's disgruntlement than out of real interest.</p>
<p>"Horace Slughorn and Lord Raoul Goldentower."</p>
<p>"Slughorn? The Potions master? I've read his work on Felix Felicis. It's brilliant," Rigel said. Despite herself, she appreciated the idea of a potioneer on the tournament judging panel.</p>
<p>"Of course that's how you know him," Draco said, chuckling a little. "Slughorn isn't just an academic. He's an incredibly well-connected politician, too."</p>
<p>Rigel hummed uninterestedly.</p>
<p>"He was a Hogwarts professor from the thirties to the eighties," Pansy told her, amusement lurking in her eyes. "I hear he called in a number of favors from former students to be chosen for the honor."</p>
<p>"How'd Goldentower get chosen, then?" Draco asked. His tone didn't indicate a surplus of good feeling toward the name.</p>
<p>"Lord Goldentower is notoriously Neutral, and his partner founded that correspondence school for the lesser bloods. Including him and Madam Marchbanks together makes the judging panel above reproach."</p>
<p>Rigel wasn't so sure of Pansy's assessment. "Even if Riddle doesn't get a vote, he's still in the box with them while they're deliberating, isn't he? I bet he's still influencing the scores."</p>
<p>"I'm sure Lord Riddle is the picture of impartiality," Pansy hissed, warning in her eyes as they neared the center of the pitch where a group of adults stood in a loose cluster.</p>
<p>Rigel picked out her family easily, as well as the Malfoys, the Grangers, and a number of other men and women who were probably related to the other champions. A tall, thin Asian man with a grim countenance caught her eye in particular, and she supposed by the constellation patterns embroidered down his sleeves that he was Shang's father. She hoped he wouldn't be too hard on the girl.</p>
<p>Sirius met her with open arms but Rigel, realizing she hadn't had a chance to reapply the Eau de Archie, shook her head with a wide grin. "No, Dad! I'm all sweaty!"</p>
<p>Sirius let his arms drop and settled for ruffling her grimy hair instead. He grimaced at the feel of dirt and sweat and said, "You weren't kidding. Still, great job, Arch! You nearly gave me a heart attack when you jumped off the edge of the path, but I have to admit using Harry's potion was clever."</p>
<p>"It was," Lily agreed, leaning around Sirius' form to smile at Rigel warmly. "We'd seen it at the World Cup, and it still caught us by surprise."</p>
<p>Remus elbowed Sirius to the side so he could smile down at Rigel and put a light hand on her shoulder. "You were brilliant, Archie. Had a little trouble with the runic barrier on the right-hand path, did you?"</p>
<p>Rigel grimaced. "Not exactly. It was a straightforward sequence. I just didn't want to do what it said."</p>
<p>"What?" Draco's alarmed voice had her glancing over to where he was waiting beside his parents, who had hung back to give Rigel's family the first chance to congratulate her. Rigel frowned at him and Draco frowned back. "How could you—I mean, weren't you worried about doing your best?"</p>
<p>The odd way he phrased it told her he was concerned about the Vow but didn't want to say so openly. She smiled reassuringly. "A little, but in the end the way forward was intolerable. So I chose another course very quickly, without dwelling too much on the consequences."</p>
<p>Draco did not seem reassured by that explanation, but Lord Malfoy looked terribly intrigued. "What was this intolerable way forward, then? A spell too costly to perform, perhaps?"</p>
<p>"Rigel has plenty of magic," Narcissa disagreed, smiling indulgently in her direction. "I think we all saw that when he overcame the shrinking ward."</p>
<p>"That was an incredible flare of magic, wasn't it?" James added, grinning proudly. "Reminds me of you, dear," he added to Lily, who swatted him without heat in retaliation.</p>
<p>"But what did the runic sequence want to you do?" Remus asked, frowning.</p>
<p>Seeing that he would not be distracted, Rigel grimaced. "It wanted blood. Human blood, specifically, so I couldn't just use my potions kit."</p>
<p>The adults grew sober around her, and James said sharply, "That's Dark magic."</p>
<p>The Malfoys all stiffened. "A blood ward itself isn't necessarily Dark," Narcissa said carefully, quelling her husband's fierce expression with a look. Lucius' nostrils flared but he didn't say anything as his wife added, "Nevertheless, we should not be encouraging children to spill their own blood so cavalierly."</p>
<p>Pansy made a noise of realization. "Rigel, you said once that willingly spilled blood can be quite dangerous if it falls into the wrong hands. Is that why you didn't do it?"</p>
<p>Rigel nodded, remembering the day she'd spilled blood into a goblet in the Malfoy gardens quite clearly.</p>
<p>"Smart lad," Sirius said, nodding firmly. "You made the right choice."</p>
<p>She wondered if all parties would see it that way. Rigel knew she was prone to paranoia when it came to Riddle, but she couldn't help but suspect that barrier had been there for a reason. Internally, she could justify the decision to move laterally in the task with the thought that if the barrier somehow had a recognition component to it, then it was a greater risk to her odds of winning the tournament to go through with it than it was to try another route. After all, if she was outed as a halfblood in the second task, there was no way she could 'do her best' in the rest of the tournament. The explanation could not be shared with Riddle, however. Would he wonder why the Vow had not stopped her from taking a different path? Would he believe that she had simply made the decision too fast for the Vow to react?</p>
<p>The other champions eventually made their way to the center of the pitch as well, picking out routes around the fallen debris of tiles. A few of them were still ominously colored, and Rigel was glad to see the tournament organizers coming toward their group. Surely they would take care of the hazards.</p>
<p>To her bemusement, however, Bagman and Crouch seemed more interested in socializing with the friends and families of the champions, and Riddle was nowhere to be seen. A tall man with greying hair, bright eyes, and a rather generous middle inserted himself into their group with a pleased, "Lucius Malfoy! It has been too long!"</p>
<p>Mr. Malfoy had an odd expression on his face when he greeted the newcomer. It was something between amusement and carefully jaded appreciation. "Horace, well met. I trust your duties have not been too taxing this day?"</p>
<p>"Taxing? It's an <em>honor</em>," the man said jovially. "I haven't had this much fun in ages. James, Sirius, so glad you could make it out today. Pitch looks a bit different than it did in your days at Hogwarts, eh?"</p>
<p>"You could say that," James allowed.</p>
<p>"I wouldn't call it an improvement," Sirius added wryly, looking around at the rubble in false consideration.</p>
<p>Delighted laugher poured out of the taller man's throat. "Always quick with a joke, this one. Yes, I remember well. And who might this young man be?" He peered down at Rigel with unconcealed fascination, and she wondered if he meant to be as alarmingly interested as he came across. There was no way he didn't know who she was, either.</p>
<p>"As if you couldn't guess," Sirius said, wagging his eyebrows. "This is my son, Arcturus Black, who prefers to go by Archie—or Rigel, for his friends. Arch, this is Horace Slughorn, best Potions professor who ever lived."</p>
<p>Ignoring the subtle dig at Snape, Rigel extended her hand politely and said, "It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, sir. I'm a great admirer of your work."</p>
<p>"Oh?" Slughorn's eyebrows quivered as his smile curled upwards. "What work might that be, young man?"</p>
<p>"Well, all of it," she admitted, "but I particularly enjoyed the essay on your demonstrated improvements to Zygmunt Budge's centennial recipe for Felix Felicis."</p>
<p>Slughorn raised a hand to his chest dramatically and cried, "My word! A potioneer indeed! I admit I suspected Severus might be exaggerating just a tad. Your work with the dried chimera eyes—if I'm not mistaken—was a delight to witness today, <em>Rigel</em>."</p>
<p>"Thank you, Master Slughorn," she said, smiling a little. "I hadn't expected anyone to recognize the ingredient in that context."</p>
<p>"I've a sharp eye," Slughorn agreed.</p>
<p>"Those weren't exploding beans?" Sirius looked genuinely surprised.</p>
<p>"It is good to know someone with an appreciation for <em>talent</em> is on the judging panel," Narcissa said smoothly. Sirius shot her a scowl, but oddly, he didn't seem to mean it.</p>
<p>Slughorn's smile was irrepressible. "Oh, Narcissa, you do flatter an old man. I must say it is a delight to have a potioneer in the competition. Your handling of the werewolf in the first task was quite admirable, you know. And of course that leap you made! Why, I don't think I've seen a potion with quite the same effect before,"</p>
<p>His curious gaze waited for an explanation. Rigel smiled. "Both potions are my cousin's invention. I'm sure she'd be happy to send you a sample."</p>
<p>"Miss Potter, yes of course," Slughorn said, shooting James and Lily an emphatic look. "Your daughter has been keeping us all on our toes at the Guild."</p>
<p>"That's Harry," James said weakly. "Full of surprises."</p>
<p>"I wouldn't have done so well without her help," Rigel put in for good measure. She wanted no one to think it odd that she'd used so many of 'Harry's' skillsets in the tournament. "Every week she sends me more potions that might be useful."</p>
<p>"No amount of potions can teach level-headedness in the face of danger," James said firmly. "You've got that all on your own, sport."</p>
<p>"Well said! And a very Gryffindor attitude," Slughorn remarked slyly. "I daresay old habits are hard to kick. I myself was in Slytherin as well when I attended this grand school," he told Rigel in a confidential tone. "But of course, I didn't discriminate based on House as a professor. I pride myself on recognizing talent wherever it comes from."</p>
<p>Rigel couldn't help noticing Lily and Remus exchanging a wry look behind Slughorn's back. She didn't miss the fact that Remus had not been included in the conversation at all, despite having been at Hogwarts with James and Sirius when Slughorn was teaching there.</p>
<p>"Then it's no wonder you were one of only five wizards chosen to judge the tournament," she said, letting a light of admiration enter her eyes as she looked up at him.</p>
<p>The ex-professor wagged a finger at her obsequiousness, but there was an undercurrent of satisfaction there nonetheless.</p>
<p>Slughorn didn't seem like an overly bad sort, and his potions work was unquestionably superb, but she wondered how a man so transparently easy to please could do so well in politics, too. Perhaps it really was that simple, she thought. If you had no ulterior motives, people were more likely to trust you and solicit your help or advice. Maybe Slughorn's desire to be praised and acknowledged was effective precisely because it was so seemingly easy to oblige.</p>
<p>The Potions master left their company shortly thereafter, off to wrangle an introduction to the other champions he considered interesting, she didn't doubt. The Malfoys stayed just long enough to convey their sincere congratulations to Rigel on the completion of the second task before they, too, made their goodbyes.</p>
<p>Draco and Pansy hesitated, clearly not wanting to leave Rigel's side, but she gave them a reassuring smile and said, "I'll catch up with you in the common room. My family will probably stay a while longer, if they're allowed."</p>
<p>"We've got another…twenty minutes before we're escorted out of the wards," Sirius confirmed after a quick Tempus Charm.</p>
<p>Pansy gave Rigel a quick smile and gracefully bade the adults farewell. Draco was less smooth, nodding without saying anything but casting a long, lingering look her way as Pansy took his arm to leave the pitch.</p>
<p>Rigel kept her face even, not willing to reveal even the slightest amount of her internal discomfort in front of her family. Archie would never hear the end of it if Sirius or James picked something up about her increasingly complicated relationship with Draco from her expression or voice. She just knew Sirius had been eagerly awaiting the day he could tease his son about his first crush, but this was not something she was willing to allow. The circumstances were too confusing. Too personal.</p>
<p>She pretended to listen to her family's exuberant recounting of the second task, including all the parts she'd missed while stuck in the tent, but her mind kept wandering back to Draco. Why couldn't she find an equilibrium with regards to him again? Would it be like this between her and Leo when she went back to the alleys over winter break, too? Romance was so annoyingly intrusive, she fumed silently. It ruined otherwise perfect friendships, burdened her relationships with both Leo and Draco with some kind of vague expectation that she felt incapable of meeting. However patient or understanding their regard—and she had to admit that both Leo and Draco had been very understanding, in their own ways—it was still there, hanging in the air between them like the ghost of what could have been.</p>
<p>Rigel forcibly refocused her attention on her family. Family was a different kind of complication these days, she thought. The crisscrossing weight of different personas, lies, and truths all mixed together was getting heavier. Every task they attended was a risk that she might expose herself—might be forced to reveal a skill that Archie had no way of recreating—in the name of winning.</p>
<p>With that in mind, she thanked them profusely for coming as their twenty remaining minutes dwindled to a close. Then, she paused, biting her lip in the way Archie often did when he didn't want to say something but didn't know how to hold it back, either. Sirius, of course, noticed at once.</p>
<p>"What is it, Arch?" He searched Rigel's eyes for some hint of the source of her sudden reticence. "Are you handling everything okay?"</p>
<p>She nodded, though she did it unconvincingly. After a worried look between Sirius, James, Lily, and Remus, she said, "I was just thinking, the next task is going to be harder, isn't it? They keep getting harder, and I'm so grateful that you all keep coming to support me, but…"</p>
<p>"But what, Archie?" James looked concerned now, too.</p>
<p>"I just…" She sighed, just as Archie would have when he was on the verge of giving into his own, irrepressible honesty. "It's hard sometimes, knowing you're all watching me compete. Sometimes I get so nervous. I don't want to disappoint you."</p>
<p>"You could <em>never</em> disappoint us." Sirius said it so fiercely that Rigel had a hard time continuing. She knew she had to, though. The more her family saw, the more elaborate the lies would become.</p>
<p>"But what if I did?" She let her eyes grow wet, thinking of how Archie would feel to know she was straining his relationship with his father <em>again</em> for her own ends. "Sometimes I want to try things, take risks, but knowing you're watching I just <em>can't</em>."</p>
<p>"What are you saying, Archie?" Lily asked, a soft sympathy in her tone. "You'd rather we didn't come to the tasks?"</p>
<p>Bless her for saying it. Archie would not have been able to. Rigel didn't have to fully affect the miserable expression on her face as she shrugged helplessly. "I don't know. I just—I don't know."</p>
<p>Remus, insightful and empathetic to a fault, said softly, "We don't want to add to the pressure you're already under. If it's easier for you to focus on the tasks without us watching, just tell us. All we want is for you to get through this tournament safely. None of us want you to feel as though you have to perform well for our sake."</p>
<p>"He's right," James said firmly. "Whatever will help you concentrate on what's important—that's what we want."</p>
<p>Rigel smiled tremulously. "I don't want you to think I don't want your support. It means more to me than you can know." She let her voice crack just slightly. "It's hard to disregard your presence, though. Everyone else I can block out while I'm in the task, but you all…you're too important to me. Wondering what you're thinking as you watch me compete is sort of…" She trailed off into a whisper for the last word. "Distracting."</p>
<p>As Sirius' face crumpled, she felt like the worst sort of monster. Surely, there was a special circle of hell reserved for people who brought that exact expression of dismay and crushing helplessness to a parent's face.</p>
<p>"I'm sorry," she whispered, turning her face down in shamed remorse.</p>
<p>"No," Sirius said, a hitch in his voice. "Don't be. It's…okay. I understand, Arch. If it will help, we won't come to the tasks. As long as you know that we do support you. We're here for you, whatever you need."</p>
<p>Rigel flung herself into Sirius' arms, pretending to stifle a sob in her throat. "Thanks, Dad. I know you'll love me no matter what. I'll tell you everything that happens, and I promise I'll be safe. I just…I have to do this on my own. You know?"</p>
<p>Sirius tucked her head under his chin and squeezed her tight. "I know, Arch. I wish I could fight this battle for you, but I know I can't. If you need us to support you from afar, then that's what we'll do. Right, everyone?"</p>
<p>Rigel pulled back to see James, Remus, and Lily all nodding solemnly. She didn't have to summon the tears that filled her eyes at their unwavering understanding and support. They came all the same.</p>
<p>It was a tearful goodbye all around. Rigel watched the four adults whose unconditional love she didn't deserve move toward the gates and took a moment to compose herself. There in the center of an empty stadium, surrounded by the physical remnants of her own magic's destructive capabilities, she'd never felt so alone.</p>
<p>By the time she felt ready to rejoin her classmates in the castle, the other champions had long gone, and Rigel was the last one on the pitch. The sun was beginning to set, and in its wake a brittle cold settled over the evening. Rigel trudged toward the exit, turning the day's events over in her mind and marveling at the idea that she was a third of the way through the cursed tournament. That was something, at least.</p>
<p>As she passed under the stands on the way out of the stadium, a voice that might have been conjured from her nightmares floated toward her on a hiss that was almost a sigh.</p>
<p>"You were incandescent today, Rigel. You're well on your way to achieving everything you want."</p>
<p>She almost kept walking. Only the thought that he must be truly desperate to speak to her if he'd been lurking under the bleachers for an untold amount of time, and the subsequent deduction that if that was the case he would be willing to follow her up to the castle, stayed her feet.</p>
<p>"You're the man of the hour, not me," she said, turning to peer into the shadows. "Isn't this tournament about accomplishing what <em>you</em> want, and nothing else?"</p>
<p>"I never do anything for just one reason," Riddle said, emerging from the shimmer of a strong Disillusionment Charm and stepping close enough to discourage speaking at a normal volume. He wore a deep shade of midnight blue, and whether he meant it to or not the fabric seemed to disappear at the edges, so that Riddle almost looked as though he was floating within the shadows, rather than in front of them. "That is something you are too young to understand as yet. Still, you're far from hopeless. I see Severus has been training you well."</p>
<p>She had nothing to say to that, and kept her face blank. Rigel was as yet still furious at the man for attempting to circumvent the Vow they'd made by pushing through his odious marriage legislation early.</p>
<p>He took in her expressionless silence and tilted his head, allowing his cold eyes to narrow thoughtfully. "You do not approve of Severus' lessons?" he guessed.</p>
<p>Rigel fought against a sneer. That's what he thought she was annoyed about? "I don't care about that."</p>
<p>"What <em>do</em> you care about, Rigel Black?" Riddle loomed over her, so close she would swear she could feel the unwanted resonance between them, buzzing under her skin. It was probably in her head.</p>
<p>"You lied to me," she bit out after debating the wisdom of keeping quiet.</p>
<p>"Careful what you accuse me of, boy." Gone was the silken, indulgent tone. Riddle's voice could have cut glass.</p>
<p>"I know what you've been doing, what the S.O.W. Party's been doing to push the Marriage Law through." Her face was growing warm with the effort of keeping her anger in check. "You said you would withdraw that legislation—"</p>
<p>"<em>If you win,"</em> he hissed. It took her a moment to realize he had slipped into Parseltongue. Whether from fury or a desire for secrecy she didn't know. "<em>I sssaid I would withdraw the attempt if you win. And I will. Unlessss it passsesss firssst."</em></p>
<p>"<em>The implication—"</em> she tried, but he cut her off again.</p>
<p>"<em>Don't be a fool. Did you really think I'd let it go—the work of yearsss—without ssso much asss a fight?"</em> Riddle dropped the Parseltongue to laugh low at her frustrated expression. "Oh, Rigel. I know you're more intelligent than this. In any case, you are mistaken if you think your protest will sway me. We've already struck our deal. While you may hinder my efforts for future legislation after this tournament, the Marriage Law is too important."</p>
<p>"There are other ways to consolidate your power base," she snapped. "Ways that don't step on individual freedoms."</p>
<p>Riddle shook his head, almost pityingly. "You can't begin to understand my reasons. And you don't have to. You don't get a say at all, I'm afraid." At her mutinous expression, his smile, if anything, grew. "Think of this as a learning opportunity, Rigel. A lesson on formulating agreements. One day, you may even thank me."</p>
<p><em>I'll never thank you for anything</em>, she thought, her eyes flashing with the force of her defiance.</p>
<p>"Speaking of lessons, the offer still stands, you know." Riddle's face was open, expectant. Rigel couldn't fathom his meaning.</p>
<p>"What offer?"</p>
<p>Impatience clouded his expression before he tossed it off with an annoyed jerk of his head. "Your magic, Rigel. I can help you train it. Severus has been very helpful, but his preparation is methodical. Thought-driven. You won't be able to think your way through the next task."</p>
<p>"Is that so?" Rigel had to wonder if this was his true reason for forestalling her when she was alone. Was he here to warn her about the next task directly? It still irked her that he thought she needed his intervention to win, but she was not so prideful as to refuse the information. In this, at least, their goal was the same, and the sanctity of the tournament's moral ground meant little to her when she understood the purpose behind its fair façade.</p>
<p>He seemed to know that she couldn't resist listening to whatever information he deigned to give her, for he was smiling once more. "The third task will test your reflexes, your magical ability in the most immediate and dangerous of circumstances. And your opponent won't be a creature or runic array without the intelligence to fight back."</p>
<p>Rigel blinked, almost surprised at its simplicity. "You're talking about a duel."</p>
<p>"Very good." He smirked down at her. "Given enough time, I can make you unequaled in this arena. Even with just a handful of days under my tutelage, you would be nigh unstoppable."</p>
<p>This time, Rigel smirked back at him. "I can handle my own training for this one."</p>
<p>His subtly cajoling smile turned sour. "Have you stopped to think about the opportunity you're spurning out of this childish spite? There are a great many wizards who would be <em>grateful</em> to be in your position," he snarled.</p>
<p>"Then go find one of them," she breathed, utterly perplexed as to why he insisted on…what? <em>Mentoring</em> her? It was absurd. Did he think her hatred for him was something changeable? Some fleeting fit of adolescent pique? He would learn otherwise.</p>
<p>She stalked away from the stadium, from Riddle, and from the unbridled aggravation he kindled in her heart. In fact, she thought as she made her way swiftly up the long lawn, he'd already given her the perfect platform from which to cement her opposition, hadn't he? If she made it to the final round, she wondered how many people would be interested in hearing the pureblood champion's take on the new legislation the S.O.W. Party was so confidently proposing. <em>More than none,</em> she thought darkly. <em>And that's a start.</em></p>
        </div>
    </div>
</body>
</html>
